You know that what I do is write for children, and, in fact, I'm probably the author, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can lie as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and never anybody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that gets fed somewhere else.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollota.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in Stage, Ohio where I was the rare of class.
And they were beaten to bleed every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone phone called the phone called the seat of that teacher, the woman who said, "I need to see you.
I'm described that adults we never get to meet us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to stick with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
And we went to see it, and we were laughing, we were laughing, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we put it in, and we care about it and we commissioned from his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to meet me, he became a conceptions box and was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, he had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked to you about was made in itself.
Evidence is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I went out of her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I was talking a lot about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and there I saw my first shoes.
I was amazed.
My heart raped fast, I was married, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The shoes around me will go out of the water almost 60 feet, and I couldn't even think that it was a song of snow about another year of snow after year.
The shorts are born when they get off the glaciers or break the ice barriers.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to be reduced and stretched up to the end, whereas others can't support it more and fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a short, that you're isolated apart, and just as much as you see us sometimes as humans.
But the reality is the opposite.
As a short shower, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg gets rid of a breakdown water water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I close to photograph these shoes as if it would be about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these moments there are only that way and won't exist that way again.
It's not the death when they're dealer, it's not a end, but a continuation of its way through life cycle.
Part of the ice of the shoes that photograph is very young -- has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last photos that I'd like to show you is a iceberg that photographed in Keckenet, Greenland.
It's a little bit often to come up with a robot show.
Here they are.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five feet.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling, the boat has moved into the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a short screen of Greenland.
It comes out of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so no, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one by making a baby, OK.
So, two couples every one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop to think about conception, you won't pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm goes into the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm joins the X chemotherapy chromosome.
Both of them come up and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my activity I had two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm a factory of training, and what I study in this case is the way people tackle anatomy -- I mean, human bodies and animal bodies -- how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body -- what have you thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is activist, as a patient defense, or as I say sometimes, interpretation of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working for example, for example, with simulated twins, two people inside a body.
I've worked with people with masters, people much lower than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of attacker people, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit into the conventional male and female schools.
On general lines, we can call it interpretation.
The intelligence adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in a way of having a sex that doesn't fit into male or female forms.
For example, it's the case of the individual by company business X whose "Green Seam of chromosome, and he tells the protesters, that we all have in the federal life, which is becoming testicles.
And then, in front life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual is lack of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the symptoms of insulin institutions to the angels.
So, there are high levels of testosterone but no reaction.
As a result, the body develops following a typical female course.
When the baby is born, the baby looks like a child.
It's a girl. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After making you show that instead of having ovarian and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think that this is a man, but it doesn't really look like that.
Women like men, we have in the body something called super-empty glands.
They're on the back of the body.
Superstar glands produce angry, the manufacturing hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman, don't know their crime structure, I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the angry.
We produce angry and respond to the angels.
As a consequence, somebody like me has the most exposed brain to the genders that the woman who was born with testis that has the symptoms of antibiotic sensitivity to the angers.
That's why sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the intersections are in the middle of the spectrum -- somehow they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as you would see, had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, I would take a life like a boy and just discovered that I had ovarian and stone.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a supermarket supermarket.
He had 20th chromosomes and in the uterus the super-empty glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their generals were marked, their brain was exposed to the completely male hormone component.
I was born with a child, no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by the internal message, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another example of a case of intelligence.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what's known as an adventure, that is to say, have an invisible tissue wrapped up in testicular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many seconds of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- whether they are announced, the sex twins -- or interfaces, they get to normal surgery is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that a number of surgery is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, supposed to be black, meaning to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with category.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individual.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born like two people inside a body.
The most bold case is last year with South African corridor Carter Seeder, he was put on the record of his sex in the Benjamin International Regulates.
A lot of journalists called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine whether Carlina Semen is a man or a woman?"
And I had to explain to the journalists that there are no such test.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does not draw a little bit of a line between men and women or among men and interests and interests and interests, and we are us who we draw that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advanced science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought were stable anatomic categories that are correctly correlated with stable idealistic categories -- are much more different than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows the temperature.
As we see, we get into a dung terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to find out about the fact that we differ from them in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an awkward area that we have to recognize that the systems that we have to recognize are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States, are the struggles at first and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body is human, and it has different rights to the feathers.
There are very skilled arguments today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- respect to when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to be seen with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of people put a pen in front of the nose and if they were still moving.
If I stopped moving.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them on another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories in the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories might be able to bring someone like me.
I am a progressive, and I'm a progressive, making people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
I will consider that these categories are much more unstable.
The idea of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first I have to admit that I'm a fan fervent of the Facebook parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexuality, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and surgery and so radical in what they did, which I found every single looking at that music compared 1774, and not by music, which is totally possible.
That's why it happened in 1776 with the Facebook parents.
The Facebook parents were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and I explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers what our parents were rejected was the idea of monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy of the anatomy of the analysis.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power came to the political power of blood transmitted from the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The Facebook parents rejected that idea and replaced by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They came up with the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomic differences. That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illustration system that they were being spent two things.
It was showing the democracy and the same time was born.
And it's very clear, if you look at the history of the Facebook parents, that many of them were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were being distributed from the supernatural explanations and by the way they rejected the concept of supernatural power to go from an idea worthy of birth of birth.
They were moving into a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And as a result, we were transferring the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were sitting in the basis of the future movement of Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women were successful.
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Superman Tribal cabinet who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
And again, people of color that went back to the anatomical coincidence on the anatomical difference and, again, trained again.
We see the same thing with the Disppoxent movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the implications, we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we had to give us the analysis.
I don't mean that five year-old children were allowed to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anatomic division that for me makes sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of them in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time: June 1, 1980.
Henry, in the contrary, was born in terms of a March 1 of March 1980.
For just having been born three months before Mary is attributed every three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We find other barriers in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- though I haven't told you if it's XM, in virtue of being considered man now is a passion of mandatory protection that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary -- it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So they still pursue anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a calculus-based democracy could be depressed?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is scale.
Where do we go?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosome and that to marry a woman have to have chromosome and ...
Now, in practice they don't make the people criminal exams.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the institution of institutions to the angers.
If we look at one of the founders of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech "I have to drop: offer a solution.
It says that we should judge people in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yeah, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character.
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that I am not sure we should be based on this to give people rights, because I have to admit that I know from some governments that they probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the labs that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature about their sexual relationships than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put in practice the subject of the control content.
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance resource.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to guide this concept of thinking about the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iran in which a man who feels attracted by other men is sustainable to be killed, unless he's willing to get to a sex change, in which case you can live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple years ago that I had made a couple of years ago, and then to separate them and then acknowledge his fame and so on.
But when the phone asked him the reason -- it was a very risky operation, and he said that in that other country, these children would be very much missing and therefore I had to do it.
And I said, "Well, have you considered the political asylum. Instead of the surgical separation?"
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change the state of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had gotten more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomic specifics, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested in researching the sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me are the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about courage studies is that women in average -- not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
So years ago, when I was in the program, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism -- I considered me feminist -- as I now did a strange plant.
"Tell me what the feminism has for female."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've heard.
The feminism has to do with breaking gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminist."
But the more I've thought about your question, the more I think there is something female in feminist.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very aware to find the way to protect people from the state of the state, it's possible that, of having moved more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the opposite of receiver.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy -- think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect universe, think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007 I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks about where it wants to go to live and work, it has the ability to choose among at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replaced by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who want to live in apartments are already opposite and that the other half still would be able to achieve it.
You could try to increase the ability to increase in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you will face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the nuisance and the building distraction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those experiments.
But they could go to a whole new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate building instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments created new enough reform zones to contain cities, and I gave them a name, cities under static.
I later realized that more or less at the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge of reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 holes would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Hongs went through a desert constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Peter Louis is increasingly imposed with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked Again to be his chief of gap.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of personality, trial and error, and a lot of trials with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but we need as much of technologies like normal norms to progress, and usually they are the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's try this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Michael, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the land of land in a place like New York -- look at it, land that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "May, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low-cost city is a place where it starts with delicate land, a state that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go and not live under those norms.
So the president of Honesia called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country to go forward.
He asked me to go to Turkey and talk about new four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, that I was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denouse, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denea.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honors that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measured at least one thousand square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everyone collapsed constantly.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The leader leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option from a city that you might be in Hongs, rather than hundreds of miles away to the North north.
And also including new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Hotel government would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them to establish and make the rules of the status and so that they could all trust that the structure is effectively completely completely turned out.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, the 19 of January, they voted in Congress to teach her constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that just passed through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional performance was 122 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, replaced it.
To get in the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
The 17 of February came up again in another vote, from 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21st to February 24, a delegation of about 30 honors went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's building in South Korea. It's bigger than the Boston center is bigger.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building in cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that will allow the administrators to come, and at the same time, it will allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last instance for this new court system.
There are urban organizations and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that they've already solved is they have a good number of people.
There are many companies that want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are many people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change another place.
There's a million dollars a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to get a job, and sometimes they are clear mothers that have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even children are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about building a new city in Honesia?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What do you think to think about insist for families to choose among various cities that are competing to attract new resistances?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my horizons asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesse, and this is my value.
But before I show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it is that I live obsessed with the trips.
I love to find, search, and more recently, photographing and publish in my blog suit directors, colorful and different for each time.
But I bought nothing new.
All of my clothes is a second hand of paper markets and a second hand.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my garage in the environment and my wallet.
I get to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique. And buy it becomes my personal search for teachers.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It's going to be from my table?
Would I like color to me?
Would it cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I took for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring to someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of clothes, and nothing else.
So for exactly a week that's all I've put in my value.
I imagined that I would be able to find everything else I would like to use after I arrived here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman walking at TED in internal underwear,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the dots for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons that I think or not, I have learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is what I call a brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see the phenomenal.
The whole thing, including the jacket -- I took up 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Monday, color is energy.
It's almost impossible to be a bad mood, when you're looking at a brilliant red store.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: integration is surrounded.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround you from the right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Microscopic: the child that you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the displays, or I remind you about your seven years old.
I like to stand up and say, "Thank you."
Jews: Trust is key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood their meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there's no wonder that you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Virgin: A real universal truth for you: The golden lenses go with everything.
And finally, salt" -- develop a very cool way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came to me this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson that I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get emotionally to these things, because the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy thing, colorful and brilliant spending me, if there's a little love in my heart and I look for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide on two parts.
The left side, which is the logic, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So, if we used a scale to measure the approach of each hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical for example.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So where do you take your brain on this scale?
Some of you would come up with one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the integresters in this audience, your brain is something like this, with a great impact in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they are mutually exceptional.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I think of one of those people, that just like most of the other self-assembly physicists, we need quite logical to deal with these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember watching a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, always covered.
But I bet that the playing with that parking bar showed you a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow the transportation and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist because they don't play with parking bars play with these little little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called it quantum mechanics.
And at that point you found the physics a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That wasn't really good at my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particles.
But it wasn't really good at my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then I shouldn't even follow the principles of quantum mechanics mechanical?
I don't find the reason why I shouldn't know.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see has been in a support of quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal point I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And I'm going to expand it a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then we do a good approach to the little metal track.
What we see is a little bit of metal metal, with a transportation form and that it will be supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way that you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this original kind of swimming pill that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people come up and do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not just people -- it's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes on its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers to it.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and extracted all the air, and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree for absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating. And the way I was vibrating was like a breathing in this shape -- like a flight that expands and contract.
And when we give it a smooth pull, we could make it come up and don't see at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing comes up and doesn't see at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillions of atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in the end of the stage when they alignment.
In the rest of the time they're destroyed.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth getting in a clean room to do this for all those years, because you see this, the difference in scale between one atom and that little bit of metal is more or less the same than the difference between that metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you do?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body were destroyed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turned the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all the objects in the elevator actually are only quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep risk of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amy.
And I did another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and that allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I got a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and works of art.
So when I started traveling and go to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working at Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
But better than it shows the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So simply, we go to Goliath.
Look around all the museum that there is.
There's the Tasmanian Galaxy, the MoMA, the Emily, the Remonses, the Google Green.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, at Methanu, the New York City.
There are two ways to do -- very simple.
We click and she was already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay or Michael, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We open up the plane top, and with one click we jumped inside.
They're inside, that they want to go at the end of the hall.
They go ahead. They divide."
Explore it.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Coasts of Perfect Beijing in Methanu.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call the glass technology.
So this picture, for example, it does, I think, about 10 billion pixel pixels of it.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 pilots?
So I'm going to show you what you really get to 10 billion pixel pixels here.
It can be done around very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to be deeply.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting."
I went in, and I found that children were actually playing something.
I went through a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan -- and I actually discovered that this is a game called "consumer: which is to hit a guy with a stick of Carbola Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and more in deep and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective -- I'm going to get up the image, so you'll really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is coming, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The New night star."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pancreatic?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this master work?
It goes up and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the straight night -- I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Collections."
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manipulation, that gives you the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, -- I've created this function that I call "The Computer Power: we just did a zoo around.
It's about "The Farmers in the National Gallery of London.
You can see things, send it into your friends and maintain a conversation about what you feel when you contemplating these masterpieces at all.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital media do justice to your art work and it's represented right online.
And the big question that I'm doing today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ...
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a piece, a flying penguin.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the children in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason that I show you this is that something really interesting in Friday 1 in the last two decades.
Now, some time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of Friday one, I took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what in engineering, and it's called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and an accident.
Now what's interesting is that the real time systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, has been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming computer airplane.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected.
To get cities to be a big thing.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and up to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detections and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Pale Antarctica for late year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called "The Toy Today."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and activists.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans, we have the external environment.
In a sense it's almost like in the old dream of Mill Nelton.
You know, when Michelangelo screened the Moses -- he says that at the end I took the hammer and put it back into the Moses -- you can still see a little bit -- and he said, "Pick up not shot?" -- why don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting on the idea of capturing the environment and to act something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a sunday summer in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of Zipachicker, he gave the head.
And anyway, I won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day by looking at the activity happening on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Colorami in the middle and the Torah River.
It's the morning, before play.
The time line is at the top.
At the early afternoon, there are people over here and there doing calls -- moving around.
Start the party -- silence.
Gold from France, Gold Islam.
The field people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the regional time.
The first extra time -- second.
Zibera, and at a moment, the head.
wins Italy, yeah!
That night everyone went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big summit.
The next day they all went to the center to the meeting of the winner team and the prime minister of time.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Michael Massachusett where, from the romantic time, people are going to celebrate -- it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have done just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but of things we use and consume.
Today we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac -- how they serve.
But we know very little about where things go.
And so in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the trash in their shift by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were throwing out, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that they would all be strange.
Then we put them a little chip, a label -- to the trash and then we started to break it.
These are the results.
Parking from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are a lot of implications in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
There are complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we drop doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we pull one day still stays there.
That if we show people, then we will be able to promote some behavior change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague, Asian Biology, could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zaragoni.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, architecture.
And the question was, how can the technology can be, the new technology, will they get to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was: imagine that they have a cup and valves, solar valves -- legs that open up and shut down.
It creates like a water curtain.
If you fall the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bell mayor of it.
I liked a lot.
And I wish a commission to design the building at the entrance of the Explore.
We call it Digital Water Palm.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you zoom it open so you can happen.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit wind, if you want to minimize the spiders, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture goes away, like this case.
Those days there will always be somebody, in the winter, when the ceiling came down, someone who was there and he said, "Do the building "Death."
No, it's not that you've been demonstrated, but when you go down almost all the architecture.
Here is working.
You see people intrigued by what's going on.
And here I'm myself trying to not get me to test the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zaraca came to the building, because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it happen, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes and one had to jump down to not move.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, always think of using people to give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- the water pixels and the projections on them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel change that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
Sort of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of penguins.
You can play with a different type.
Imagine the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And that then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D that you can zoom in, and go back, and see from very diverse angles from a very different way.
This is the real controlled Fleek, going down to form a Vietnam, like before.
When light, it looks like this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolly -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, star of the New York City and Millennium School -- to capture their 3D movements and use them as a footprint for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left, you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's as much diagnosed diagnosis in real time as motion capture.
It can rebuild the whole movement.
You can travel all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the Claud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could involve people to do something and change our environment -- as much as a crystalline of clouds, like the grave crowd, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could get everybody to run a little bit for a piece.
And I think how remarkable it has happened in the last few years is, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how do you move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're penalts.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered peers.
You can move inside inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic Games and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's both a physical cloud of the sky like something you can rise, like a new top of London.
You can go there.
As if it was a new digital bed at night, but the most important thing is that being a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose you would say that, with just a few changes in your genes, you could improve memory -- for a more accurate and more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better way, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe they are those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What's the most what they would like to like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Music Member: Creativity." Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
First of all, it was probably due to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many people choose memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity.
Ah, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have something that the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a theme here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a piece of a doctor about the subject.
The great gene of the 20th century, T.B. House, who was also computer in the Russian Orbitty Church, wrote a trial called "No in biology makes sense of the light of evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this, is it just the past, or the future?
Do you refer to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well, in an extreme one, it is, of course, the most interesting one.
We move from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval, it has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of homosexuals.
Some of you have gone back.
We've been here about 130,000 years.
It might seem that we're far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically individualized, which comes out of the pancreas out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all take on the more bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Perhaps 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when Antonio Damascas puts them out of the autonomous -- think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, female, it's very accumulated.
And we're going to provide them all the nutrients that you can want without the effort of your part.
It really is like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But so we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what is the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species?
Or are you destined to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast simplification of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief companies, the animal kingdom, as one and only companies, and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went back to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something: most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell just divide and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two individual cells.
But when the multicellular organisms appear -- things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important -- with the emergence of sexual reproduction that goes through the genome, the rest of the body becomes presented.
In fact, you could say that the connectivity of the death of the body is in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sexuality, sexuality, death for sex -- seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was happening, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burneset, who still worked in Las Vegas in their 90 years.
And one night someone beat their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him you find a magnificent clean dancer of clothes.
He looks at it and he says, "Come on for a sex soup."
"It's good." He says, "Geometry, I choose the soldier."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different target to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contrast, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to regain health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like refrigerator rockets to send the genetic load to the next urban level and then leave the sea.
I think we would all understand the feeling you express Woody Allen when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying.
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the louder or the fastest and even the smartest even to the smartest.
Evolution favors the best creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the terrible bacteria that can survive the heat of the struggles that would produce -- if there were fish there, fish hit the vacuum. However, they've managed to make that a getting environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've confined our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated -- we click, and we get so excited that it is no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that an evolution of traditional type, natural type, tax the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the engineering of evolution is restaurants -- but they're unexplored.
And in terms of isolation, when as a species we collect distant planets, there are going to be isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility and intriguing and frightening.
I call it neuroscience, the new evolution, which is not just natural, but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's elected at the individual and family level.
They also think that if it could be possible to choose not only the sex of their description, but in their own body to make the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reducing cancer or eliminating the application?
Would you want to make those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it was 13 years old.
It cost 7.7 billion dollars.
A year after having finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a close cost to the 20 and in a week.
It won't be a lot to make the human genome reality, for 1,000 and more and more of the scope of all.
These changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe it or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine that is growing into cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the tobacco tape?
That's reality today, and in the future it's going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just another two little changes.
Can you change the cells from your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your descent?
What if they could change sperm and volumes, or change the newly focused, and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminate health, reducing the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology that same motor of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt superior hyperbolics a better memory.
Why not have the engineering of a Ken Jennings especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watch machine?
Why don't we have a faster contract muscle that allows us to run faster and more different?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irrelevant.
And when we are in conditions of passing this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can buy it at 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful society, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for everybody else?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more universal or more robotic and more vertical?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And most profound of all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and hearing the wisdom required to make these decisions.
For good or worse, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor by making a climb, clean, close.
Clearly, click, clean, shut up. It sounds scary.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting on the 12th century.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistant.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had seen the airplane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot adds the airplane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
It pulled the motors off.
Imagine being in a plane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three more disappearing words I've ever heard.
He said, "Press for the impact."
I didn't have to speak more with flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
The life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
While I was thinking about that, I got a phrase, which is, "Collective said.
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to clap anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has actually changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we avoid George Washington Bridge that was not a lot of -- I thought, wow, I really feel a great store.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve all of what I did.
But in my humanity also gives rise to my ego.
And I slow out the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure of that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
Within two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonderful.
I no longer try to have a reason, Elizabeth will be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down, 15, 14, 13.
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please fly."
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, to die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go -- I love my life.
And that sadness became a single thought, which is, just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my children grow.
A month later, I was at a performance of my daughter -- first degree -- not a lot of artistic talent -- still   And I scream, I call it a little one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For above all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was struck by a miracle of not dying that day.
And I was given another gift that was the ability to look at the future and come back and live differently.
You are flying today, the challenges that you imagine that the same thing is going on in your airplane -- and please don't be like this, but imagine how you would change?
What do you do, you still expect to do because you think you're going to live forever."
How would you change your relationships and negative energy on them?
And most importantly, are the best parents being able to be the best parents that they can.
Thank you.
I have clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing that I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDTalk.
TEDTalk was one of the most important graphics in the 1980s.
One day he came home after he ran and said, "Dad, I feel an ant on the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDTalks has a total parachute.
You can only use your eyes.
Your work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to pay Tony TEDTalk, TEDTalk, and their cause.
So I went and met with her brother and his father and I said, "Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second is not that -- I saw Stephen Hawking -- isn't that all the people with paralysis can communicate through those appliances?"
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?"
Anybody ever seen the film, "The Cheetor and the Mark?
They communicate in that way -- they are making them mark with the finger.
I said, "That's architectural. How can it be?"
So I was introduced by just wanting to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check, that I had no idea how I was going to cover it.
He committed me with his brother and his father there at that precise moment, "Good is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to get her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much in their inner cannot be compelled."
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GRC "Mark Lab, who have a technology that allows you to project a light in any surface and then, with a laser paint, draw on that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come on, they say, are part of a life cycle.
First they start with the sex organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, and a lot of things to move things on the side, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine for TEDTalk to communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking's machine.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most funny thing -- I call it Jordan because when I talk to the guy you get an email from him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally from all the corners on the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the back, and these hackers and programmers and conservations and antibiotics took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we came back would have taken off the walls of the walls and instead there would be graffiti to it.
But for two weeks, we went to the sea of Venice, my son was a part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called European "Christians," and you can see the description of it.
These are a couple of cheap glasses that we bought on the sea sea of Venezuela Beach, some copper wire and Homo Department and Radio Shake.
We take an ALS camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light and now there's a device that is free -- you build it yourself, we publish the free code -- the software goes down free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say, "No."
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate by using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you. That was amazing.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TEDTalk room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room and that's their room.
There was all this black and spine during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions from all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and you're looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed, so I could see.
And we put a projector on a wall of the story of the hospital outside.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- to imagine what was the feeling of the parking sensor.
The funny thing was that we had to go into the parking parking lot, so we felt like we were legislating the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he would say, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been underwater, and someone finally came to rescue me and pull me out there so I could breathe.
Isn't it amazing?
This is our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the support, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong told something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 inventions in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle. It's that in April this year at the MOMA center in downtown Los Angeles, there is going to be an exhibition called Art in the Streets."
And "Art on the streets is going to have the best former former art exposed in Bandanor, Shirley Farmin, CATCHERTPOS -- all of them will be there.
TEDTalk is going to be on the show, which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
Nothing that is in this room was possible -- stage, the computer, the microphone, the Christianity, nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible, anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with economic recognition technology, just recognized something and associated with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day when we meet something that we feel like to do -- if it's not now, when is it -- and if I'm not me, who is that?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations and at the same time a dangerous time.
I went to prison -- hard.
I worked on a coal mine.
I filmed in war zones, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career, I have been immersed in horrible appearance situations with the only goal of trying to try to examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and, hopefully, analyzing them in a way that are served and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the patriarch I wanted to do something a little different.
So, some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple weeks ago, I took an apple in Ethiopia.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of my TEDTalk from 2011.
What I had was the following: "The NASA StoryCor: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and as a content could exploit it in the face, especially if you put it at your company to do it.
But he said this, it's a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a degree in progress.
So even with that wild I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you asked me a year ago, I couldn't have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we look at the world of marketing -- the advertising world.
And as I said before, I've been involved in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be prepared, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Shark" -- I want to make a film that deals with product collaboration, the marketing and the advertising, and that the whole film is funded with product and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest film ever selling."
What happens in "The largest ever selling is that all of the top at the bottom, first of all, has images of brand -- all the time, from the Australia that comes before the title, the X brand brand.
Now this brand, Cambridge Stanford, the Stanford Center.
These people are going to be associated with the film to perpetuated, forever.
And so the film explores all of this idea. Michael Kates: it's reduction.
I'm a redundant penalty. MK: I just say that. It was more for excuses.
It was "President."
But we're not just going to have the X brand sponsors in the title but we're going to make sure we get all the categories we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and become the most great shoe that you've used to.
The most great car that you have trained in "The largest film ever sells: the best trick that you have drink, cortex of "The largest film ever sells."
Farmina Koryan: The idea is then also to show the brands as part of life, make them fund the film? MS: Make it fund the film -- MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, the whole film of beginning to end.
And I would love to help me make it happen.
Robert Frank: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the maximum respect for the audience.
UE: However, I don't know how recent people are going to be.
MK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "November, it's very negative, but you know how it's going to support? MS: No idea. David Cop: How much money does it make to do this?
MS: One and a half million and a half --  -- OK. John Kaman: I think it's going to be difficult the meeting with them, but it's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple of big brand.
WK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out of the film, we look at a lot of joy.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Ruddy: Most of the answers will be "No."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, by the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Good. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands are.
MS: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge." When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. MS: Good. Turn out the camera.
MS: I thought I turned the camera," it meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this movie.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And it was very intriguous -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make a lot of people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the seat of the separate, is not the idea to count with that new worthy of attention that is going to lead to the masses?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a garage mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for the transparency imagery in Google --    this is one of the first pictures that come up.
I like your route of rolling, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: transparency free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understanding, which is characterized by the visibility or accessible of information, especially in business practices.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president of the name, even the CEOs the name.
But all of a sudden when it's about making it reality, something really suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  like that rare bear that still goes.
It's predictive.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
And I eat a whole heel of Congo Wrink.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there's him looking at me as I used to do it, saying, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story.
In this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Karket of a lot of years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off the interest and go to companies myself with my whole team.
So what I began to do is suddenly -- I started to realize -- is that when you start to talk to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge films and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies, giant Hollywood movies, say the reason why their films have so much success is due to the markets that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant molecules of Hollywood?
And the film is called "The largest film ever sell."
How are we going to see Bank specifically in the film?
Every time I go out, every time I open my battle, you'll see the Bank desperate.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you pretty cool for this interview.
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there I would offer you one of these fabulous weapons.
Both Foundation for "All Spades are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have as much for men like a woman, solid, block, bars, as it is.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a pretty hopeful look.
Karen Frank: We are a small brand.
It similar to the kind of smaller film you ever told -- we're more well a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget you have other brand.
So doing things like that, you know, remember Bank to people is the reason that this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bank is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Volunteer: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the alcohol.
Man: We talk about something audacious, fresh stuff.
I think that "research is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus the smell and the surrounding."
It keeps you cold.
How do we stay fresh more time? With better criticize, more criticized, three times more crucial.
Things like those who are tracking the benefits.
MS: And that's a multiplication company.
What about me? What about a common type.
I need to talk to the man from the street, people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand.
Man: Mom my brand?
I don't know.
I like good clothing.
Woman: I'm going to revive the 1980s, screen painter, unless it's a landscape day.
MS: Okay, what is the German brand.
Germany: Something unique. MS: unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamorous.
I like the dark colors, a lot of gray and things like that.
Usually I take accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation, Merrie Ben.
Man 2: The brand I am, I call it carbon "comedy."
Woman 2: In part hippie -- partly girlfriend, in part Bronx, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of mass.
selling packages for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the marketing.
Man 5: So Mary school failed.
Is that something?
Adone: I'm a lawyer.
Tom," I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tam, but I often classify on the intersection of dark glamour and "carbon flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the back personalization."
And I found a company called Olympics Zackinda in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Netherlands, February, Hammer to discover that personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
And obesity: translated the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: Is that world? I think your world is the world that you live in, as people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are commissioned and start in a place and in my case, and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate this with your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about the "Why?"
What's the market? What is the mass phase you find now?
Why is it important to retrofit it? What does red represent the red.
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metals have you had.
It doesn't have to have fear. What kind of route mountain are you?
MS: This." (Chest: Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience -- MS: Big job.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what is going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy about this.
Linus Zacabama: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complementary sides, in your brand personality. The brand Morgan Shark is a conscious brand.
They go very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or on the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not sure -- avoid fear -- those elements -- and you actually make them warm and make something positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are you like this?
The first here is the classic and Apple one.
And you can see it also here to Turkey, Will, Minister of Minister Cookers and Jeff.
Now there are some playful brands and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come in, but a record brand is pretty powerful.
MS: A recorded brand screen. What's your brand.
If somebody asks you to describe your identity of brand, your brand personality would be?
Are you an uncertainty tracking? Are you someone who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a descriptive attribute of attractive?
A little bit more called, reserved, conservative?
The accessible attributes are like being a drug being like the Prince, contemporary as the Prince, controversy, advantage or bold like Ero Florida, fast or agile -- professional, dominant, magic or mass like Gandhi.
Or are you more about description attraction?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 1975?
Are you stable, traditional transcendence, protection, protection?
Are you reliable -- stable, family, confident, secure or sanitation, contact or wise -- like the Dalai Lama or Jordan?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, screen and descriptions, who said, "No."
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of technology, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they are now using magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing like for movies.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned the advertising air.
All over the city for the last five years, there are no calls, there are no cards, no flights, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing way in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've been more successful are those that I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the interactions, they took their agencies off, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think about the way we look at the world.
And how did it go? They were success?
Well, since the film is stranged at the Sunday Festival -- let's take a look.
According to Burrons the film is stressed in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covered only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in strategic.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all the agencies that we talked about would listen to their customers not to be a part.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks, that in those risks.
I think when you take people out of that you're pushing them into failure.
I believe that when you train your employees in the risk to the risk is preparing all your company to lack of rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people that don't have fear of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give the fear of fear.
We have to put that bear on a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From a computer at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to add to transparency.
More than never a little bit of honesty is going to travel a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "We "Day Transparency has been presented by my good friends of EMG who by 7, bought the rights of the name in Ethiopia.
EM: It makes great data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
EMG presents "We "Do Transparency.
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, More Morand, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 7?"
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name of the market organization of TED, the Special Foundation, a check for 7, to be applied to my TED care for the next year.
The idea behind the Studio computer world is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the transition plant in National Nation.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we managed to commit these systems that control speeds and valves. We can cause a lot of problems with center.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're from a completely different technology.
But if we could put an effective virus from Windows into a laptop used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stuart.
We started with a Windows installation.
The old man enters the gray box -- damage the censorship, and the nuclear program Iranian is demanded.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discover this.
When we started investigating on Sturtle six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that I knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of the installation, used multiple driver vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Studio and saw what happened with this.
So they had very strange things.
Stuarth was behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese sandwiches, I realized, and I thought, "This is a targeted attack.
It's completely directed."
The installing is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Stuarth doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the target is.
It might be, say, for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we discovered the goal soon.
So we went down and we removed the code of attack, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I would attack.
You probably even know how long the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Islamic install is complex and high technology, let me tell you, load is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here's a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about 15 thousand lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old self-expression language.
I want to tell you how we could make sense of this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning, were called the system functions because we know what they do.
And then we looked for temperatures and data structures and try to relate them to the real world, with the potential potential of the real world.
We need things about destinations that we can approve or depressed.
To get to the theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sub-Saharan, it must be a blank white woman, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infection has been represented.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant from Bush, and the earthquake plant.
So I said to my assistant, "I have a list of all the experts in contrast and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and told them in an effort to monitor their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital obvious with the control of the rotor of the rotor of the rotor of the rotor of the rotor of the rotor of the glass.
The robot is that mobile part of the center, that black object that you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you can certainly describe it and even make the centrifuge.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an obvious effort to become crazy to maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital obvious looking at the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 165 is going on in that code, cannot be obvious.
I began to investigate scientific literature about how these contracts are built in Natalism, and I found that they're structures in what's called a waterfall store, and every waterfall contains 165 centers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These controls in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack?
It's almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So that there are no magical magnifices: it wasn't like this.
The results have been achieved after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up in streets and we had to start again.
Yet we discovered that both digital obvious people would put a single and same goal, but from different angles, from different angles.
The small one is taking a stock, and making the motors turn and reaching them, and the big one communicates with six screens and manipulating tubes.
In the end, we're very confident that we've determined what the destination is.
It's National, and it's just Natalism.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are achieved by Sturtle.
Here are a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box there, and you see the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values for example, from the pressure sensors and the vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still runs during the attack, with false input data.
And believe or not, these fake input data is programmed by Stevel.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security camera is fed on pregnant video.
Is it great there?
The idea here is obviously not just to bring the operators into the fourth of control.
It's really much more dangerous and agreeced.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, on an energy plant, when the great steam turbine goes from speed, you need to open up valves on a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't do a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are engaged, then they can pass bad things.
The plant can exploit it.
And neither the operations nor the security system will notice it.
That scares you.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is general.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with contrasts, with uranium efficiency.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as a car -- to disseminate this charge with an USB key, as we saw in the case of Stuara.
You could also use conventional worms of worms to disseminate it.
Give him the most possible.
And if you do that, what you end up with is a cyber of mass destruction.
That's the consequence that we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences and the better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralay, it's been public in many sides that people assume that the museum is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion.
Ralph Lenna" OK: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Museum is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber support.
There's one alone, and that's the United States, fortunately, often.
Because, otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for listening. Thank you, Rale.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give the human skills, or another that makes users of wheelchair and go back and walk back.
In Berkeley Biospheres: we call these robots, exceptional.
It's nothing different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a great force that you also increase your speed, and you help it, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other extremes outside.
This is not an irrational idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on that we are working on the American soldier who, in average, has to take on their back a 40 pounds charge of the back -- and it's being demanded to take even more equipment.
It obviously leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage damage.
We decided to make this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or Peter Cards Human Carriers.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can put 90 pounds on variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put up in birthday and execute movement with great agility motions.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Einstein Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back to the users of wheelchair users, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people here, in wheelchair chairs, all over the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the spine column that when they start their life -- at 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that aging is very quickly.
Their only choice, a lot of times -- by a brain injury.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the Electronic Los Global That's using Amazon Boston who was 19 years ago in the spine column, and as a result could not walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boston: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our Electrophobia, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
They're completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the onboard computer, here in the back.
There are also a few batteries that give motor to the motors in the hip and in the knees, and they make it progress with this soft and very natural water.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing down it was in the bottom standardized.
In a fraction of seconds, I lost all sensation and all the movement of the threadous down.
A little time later, a doctor came into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Mom, I'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
And so I stole to the last piece of hope of my self.
The adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to get down costs down in standards, climbing rocks and even ride on a bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Amanda and all the users of wheelchair to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the physical Man French or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobo forests of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives, right?
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their attention.
But unfortunately, we've done too much infinite in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, larger, song society is in the charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence has yet not been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understanding of the great apes, of the big apes of the biggest.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study.
The Congo is a paradox, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tons itself, stage of a violent conflict that has been produced for decades and caused almost as many deaths as World War I.
It's not to wonder that this destruction also puts the bone survival.
The meat meat trade and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter by mixing the trees.
Who are these cousins.
We know them as the apes make love, not war -- because they have frequent sex and bias.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the bonobos of the bonobos is more than the Sunday Sun.
Bones, like humans, they love playing along their lifetime.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to it.
We learn how to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, behavioral diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the bone game you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human rituals.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple unique videos just taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a bone ball game, and I don't talk about soccer food.
Here's a female and young male in the middle of a perspective.
Watch what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, and it has adopted the balls."
I just believe that in this case, he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as much as in bones like in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like testists, and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is police.
The game is police, it can adopt many ways -- some of which are more crucial, imagination, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is recognized.
And I want you to see -- this is Fushy, a young female, who's playing with the water completely water.
I think, as she is, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact -- and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that game is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our adaptation.
In order to successfully adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we take advantage of our game?
The game is not fashion.
Play is essential.
For bones and humans alike, life is not just cruel and displaced.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments that are the most urgent thing.
So primate companies, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin House.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat the capture as a captain assistant.
And in our city, where volunteers are taking a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still there was a race on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was failed in a conversation with the owner that was certainly one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside on the rain, under a parachute, in pill, desert, while her house was in fire.
The other volunteer I had just arrived before I was -- we called it -- Le Luther.  He came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the owner of home.
The dog. I was so clean."
There was a lawyer or a gentleman of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I walked into a building building to save a alive just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an adult.
He said, "Best, I need to go home.
I need to go up, and I go through the fire and bring this woman a couple shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I went on the stairs at the end of the hall, and at the end of the hall, I went to the real firemen that that height more or less had ended up taking off the fire and walked into the room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the ladder where I met my Namibia and the beautiful dog on the front door.
We took out of the house the houses for house where, as to expect, their treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house of home by the brave effort to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that somebody had reached a couple of shoes.
Both in my violence in Robin Hood, as in my vocabulary as a volunteer bomb is a witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from grace and corruption at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look at this room to people who have achieved or they're for achieving remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: they don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give.
They serve food in a dining dining -- they clean up a park of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day, we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but each day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So you go into the game, you save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Beats: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build bigger things than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at once.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LED was this.
He was called an automatic assembly slow.
And in a few years, the LEDs came to all the home.
More than 400 billion have been made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LGBT made it accessible.
LGBT simply adopted the concrete block of concrete in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to advice: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of static bricks attached to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much bigger and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference -- the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I began to explore the idea of bringing engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Lethologists.
Let me show you how they work.
Little little electronics are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that you join up with magnets in it.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the supply, the blue is the stream, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the algae.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green one, and very quickly can be started to make higher circuits.
A blue with one green is producing light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse, which is here, and now we have an intense light.
We added this shot to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, literatures are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and soldiers, Lethollists, allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it paralyze faster or slower, it just turns this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Letholli is that it's a growing collection.
We want all interactions in the world to be reduced to be ready to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given the kids Lettons to see them play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light at night, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also brought Letholli to design schools.
So, for example, designers without any experience are starting to play with Lethologically like a material.
So here you can see, with paper bottles and failure, we have George creating.
A few weeks ago, we took Lettons to the designer of Rhode Island School designers who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a confused conference control.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a language made of plankton that has fear of darkness.
For these nonviolence, Letholli became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So Lettonsonation has open code.
You can visit the web page, download all the design files and make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world that we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology.
And my little company looks at us with the environment focusing on the environment.
distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Mom. Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge.
We can actually continue to leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, now I get the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to determine. We asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called "Does America for America and would be like a fish of peace for technologies.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the machines.
Instead of sending them to the Third World Wild will send them to the male world.
They made great applications. They worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Ali.
It's a hyper-expression in Boston.
Here it appears as if I looked for a date, but what really looks for is somebody clean it up when she gets caught through the snow because he knows it's not very good at getting fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help this simplified way?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of Code for America."
They were there in February and at the time I was in February last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hyperstops.
But one of the members named Erik Michael noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up with legs right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application that you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept to clean it out when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case, you put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can robot.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Perhaps the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads in a viral way.
A responsibility of Honele City to see this app realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami series.
It's very important that they work these tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
That's why he asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens open the tape deserts.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean up sidewalks when they stick.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction and organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
Software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that to have done for the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the court power of California, which is until the time has cost 200 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
So an app that is projected in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of advantage of advance to government institution.
It suggests the better way of working, not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
It doesn't like a technology company, but more like the Internet.
That is to say, without restrictions, it's open and generous.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has new generation -- not as a problem of an unfinished institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Code for America but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row in the DMA -- and all of those other things that are getting crazy -- the government is essentially in the words of Tim Redbeltbril: "What we do together because we don't can."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government.
And because the government is ultimately email of us -- remember that of us, the people's people's own way of thinking about how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to make loads of charge.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that government is, especially a matter of squares.
This is the telephone attention center and information.
It's the place that serves the calls if you mark 31 in the U.S.
Scott took this call.
Engel Zambian in the official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, you can open up the doors of the house, put good music and see if it's going?"
And it worked. So well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the squares.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and websites and mobile phone called Congressional Connectors."
We didn't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people from the National Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical.
One day, this really happened -- it comes to this question: Zern in my trash cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do that to do it?"
The City City dynamics is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In Citizens Connect everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbors.
The next report said, "I came to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zarma? Yes. Liver? Yes.
I went home. I went home.
Good night, sweet square."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of government income to the distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform so that people will help and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And I could have connected with the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and specialists our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 centimeters, right?
But below this is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of department.
But it is that department that keeps us with that that belongs to us as something that operates in our face, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe politics is sensory.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy seriously.
Because that's where the real government work occurs.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Walker movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report from 325 pages in response to the question of the Financial Consumption project.
That's not political activism -- it's burning activity.
And for those of us who have been rescued to government, it's time that we ask what world we want to leave with our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we're going to get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't manage government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology it is possible to rethink the government function so that it can expand to the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act in cancer, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of the age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about, they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time, and they do it.
So when they face the government problem doesn't care a lot about making their voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make government better work.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrogen, by taking a market, by traveling a garbage cube that has a garden inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hyperstops and many people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not only consumers -- we're not only government consumers that we pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, we'll be a crowd of voices, or will we also be a hundred hands of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the death run.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulators has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that you say here are impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would have no other way.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here's fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you're taught with feeling, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, I mean, it's carbon, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started many of the dictionaries in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1845.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery made the way he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving too.
When I was a little girl and I looked at it, she came up with me and I gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I jumped up.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and I was like, "Break, still feel my air?"
And if I said no, I was grabbed again and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture their time and their attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up one morning, and I went to the room and there were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and he looked at me.
I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and he smiles.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, and she took me out of my hand and said, "You see Britain. We are going to convert."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Brilliant, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mayan."
She said, "Now let me not do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been watching you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want."
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brazil.
I said, "Sure, Mama."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you want your mother."
Audience: "She is my son, and you have to promise me to always take care of it."
As I was embracing my mom, I said, "Yeah, Mom, I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is that you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is the difficult.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yeah, May. I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yeah, Mayan, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the South rural -- I have a brother a single year and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where I pulled them, grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just came up with the crazy ones.
He took a beer store, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said, "No, no, no. Okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today, you do it, and you always do the same thing as you do.
And I already took something, your sister too. Take a beer."
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? Take a beer."
I looked at me with force and continued, "Oh, I'm not going to be that you're still thinking about the Man conversation with Mamas."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mary tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was disturbed.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely apart.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't mean this is a virtue -- I say it by the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the others that they don't really see it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been imprisoned during the prostitution.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to her, we had to commit it.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There's 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conventional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my view, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it finds so much, so much despair, it determined by these facts.
One in three black black blacks between 18 and 30 is in jail or in conditional freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all the color young people are in jail or in conditional freedom.
Our system is not only distorted in front of race, as well as poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is a lot better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, but it is wealth.
And it looks like we feel very cool.
The policy of fear and formula makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you get you right, forever, if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of rights loss will be as elevated as before they would take the law on the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it sits at 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility to go out.
We're in the process of some literatures.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the verge of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense we've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by commitments compared?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the commitments competed, but if we deserve killed.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in the United States is defined by error.
In every nine people executed -- has been identified one that is incredible and liberated from death correct.
A rate of error -- amazing.
This is interesting.
In aviation you wouldn't have ever been allowed to paint planes if every nine you would take, you would be a star.
But somehow we isolate the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve killed.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk to you about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and it lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be cleaned.
They worried about being bombarded to be made.
The threat of terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and tell me, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talks to you, makes speech. Give people to stop saying that in our history we were fighting for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11."
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism came on, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamics that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this compromise, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conference about the death penalty penetration.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's well worried to hear what you say."
He said, "We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will naturally never have it here."
The room stood in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we can never have ever put us in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, would put us to execute people."
They thought about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would run people, especially if they were in their most Jews man?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect there.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't actually care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, implicated.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are predicted by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
And lately we talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the willingness, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside of us.
We really have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are. In spite of being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, the development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from ideas for food conversations as well.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to us not only in the brilliant and disgusting but also in the dark and the difficult.
Vaccine Health, the great Scottish leader talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we wanted all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for the spirit -- a willingness to be in the design sites and be testing."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think -- that even in communities like TED, it must be compared.
There is no connection related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human, if we don't pay attention to poverty, to excuse, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Park.
These women are meeting just to speak.
Occasionally, the Carren lady called me, to say, "Bream, comes the Sarah Park. We're going to get together to talk.
Do you want to come and listen to us?"
I was like, "Be lady. I do want it."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "Listen to that."
So I went and just listened to them.
It was very virtually, very small.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks went to me and he said, "Now, Brazil, let me say that's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted inevitably.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the lives of life, without parole.
We try to do something about death row.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to deal with mass conceivable.
I gave him all my best speech, and when I ended up he looked at me and said, "Modered me mom."
And he said, "You will get attached, very adopted."
At that time, Ms. Carrel included, he put my finger on the face and he said, "This is why you have to be very bad but very value."
I believe that the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find ways to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher than the worst thing we've ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie. It's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not that it's a land.
Even if somebody kills another, it's not that it is a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's what it is.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very small, it's not going to be judged by our technology, for our designs or our intellectual or rational ability.
At the end of the society, the character of a society, not as much as they treat rich and powerful and privilege, but by the way as they treat poor, the confidence, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
I'm just feeling depressed. I'm going to finish with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I get tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sentenced with a lot of direction.
I go to jail and I see my 13th and 14 years old, who have been hallucinated to judge them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what isn't it?
And the judge is happy as an adult, but I see a child.
One night later, I was wake up thinking, by God, if the judge can become something you are, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Britain, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask for something about that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think right, but I started working in a material.
He had a 14 year-old client, a small one, poor, black.
I started working on the motion, with a limit that said, "Motoon for my 14 year-old black client to be treated as a 75 year-old privilege, executive of a corporation."
In the matter I had had a behavior in the motion, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a leading line on how this country in this country is not ethical but a lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking that thought was a dream, or really wrote it?
For my horror, I had not only taken it off, but I had sent it to the cut.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- "Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went to the car and I felt really overwhelmed.
I went into the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and perfect.
I finally got off the car. I was walking to court.
I was going up the stairs when I met a senior black man -- it was the consumption of court.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He replied, "Is you an advance?" I said yes.
So I came up with me and hug me.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was virtual.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
He said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this supply motor?"
I said, "Yes, sir. I was me." And we started discussing.
People started coming up. Everyone was indicated.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
The cops came up with the physical physics, the automations.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all functions because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the ball of the eye I got to see the conservation that I was going and came.
I looked down the window, and I was able to hear all that scream.
I kept walking for me and to there.
Finally, this old black one, with face face, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the break, a fantastic assistant was shown because the conservation had entered the room.
The assistant.
He said, "Oh, "John, what do you do in the audio room room?
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "I went to this audience room to tell this young man who keeps her view in the goal with foreign."
I've come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
Our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to frustration, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the present ones that share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with strength.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, from this community, to help in your purposes to do something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BF: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reference this spring, which is going to be an effort to track the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the homes of homicide don't conclude in arrested.
56 percent of the rapes don't come to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge disconnect in the critical in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that is?
LS: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's by the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes in the prison population.
And we were allowed to convince the punishment of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to lead to people in the middle chain, to steal a bicycle, by little crimes against property, rather than making them return those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on the punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Broadway, you've been excited about here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you so much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Computer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden death.
Cocktail 2: famine in Somalia, 1:12 Computer -- Phillip 3: The police sends O.C. spray gas.
Cocktail 4: Cartoons complicated. Computer 5: Mords crops.
Doctor 6: Social decision. Computer 7: 65 dead dead.
Documenton eight, tsunami aliens. Court 9: City.
Several chocolates: War in narrative. mass destruction.
Recent. Bang. Finance. Everyday. Egypt.
Crisis. Derek. Destiny.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamids: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, which could be the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second one day our senses get a lot more data than the brain probably can process.
And as nothing cares more than survive, the first stop of all of those data is an ancient fragments of the temporal lobe called ammunition.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
And ordinary and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So in a sense of stories, we prefer to look at the negative.
That old refrigerator of the press, "If there is blood selling," it's very true.
And since all digital devices give us negative news to the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are perfecting.
It's not surprising that people think the world is going to be a bad one.
But maybe it doesn't be like that.
Maybe instead what happens is that we get distributions.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- the climate change, the extinction of species, the scarcity of water and energy, without doubt we have them.
As human beings are very good at embracing the problems, and in the long run, we just had them.
We analyzed the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled, average per capita income per capita has been tripled across the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food and transportation and communication, has fallen out of 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinant showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy happened from 25 percent over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget.
And we keep getting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today, in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, phones, air conditioning and cars.
The barbed magnets of the past century of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
To support a lot of this is technology and lately their exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into the information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and double the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a super-empty supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depressed in decomponge.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And even though it's graffiti on a law on the left, it curve up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, the Moore's Law horrors, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autopriation call infinite computation, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize personalized production and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine and Nations and A.I.
I mean, how many people saw the victory at "Jeopardy" of Watson: IMF?
It was perfect.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I would have.
And I loved this one, "Watthes sends human opportunities."
Jersy is not an easy game.
I play with the math of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we ask them to launch a company, or a product or service, which can possibly affect the lives of billions of people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that to be so straight and become abuse.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
This is a story of Nairobi II in the middle of 1800.
He's the kind of the left.
I invited the king of Seattle.
The troops of Nakeshikh ate with silver covered coals, and the same National Samerb with gold.
But the king of Simuna, he ate with aluminum covers of aluminum covers.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, more than the gold and the platform.
So that's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum of aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is 8,000 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and spinals.
But then the electrodes came up and made the aluminum so cheap that we use it as if it was described.
Let's try this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet in a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to Earth 16 every 86 minutes of energy every 87.
It's not about scale, but accessibility.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, solar energy cost in India is 50 percent less than the degree of desert: 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy dropped 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents a mile per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have an energy abundance we also have water.
Let's talk about wars by water.
Do you remember when Carl Sagan put the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn happened?
So I took a famous picture. How did he call it?
And blue dots point.
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent per water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, the two percent is ice, and we fight for five percent of the planet, but there is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology -- the nanometers.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovation innovators -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it, and his technology called Slinken -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water on any day of any source water source, polluted water, a letter, for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a confidence that I will be Coca-Cola will globally implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation driven by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world in the late 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell you a smart cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody might have predicted before.
But better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS, video CEO, images, libraries of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, now deliver and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Cambridge Foundation -- something called the X Computer Companion Prize of 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams in the world so that they combine these technologies into a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has A.I. -- they can take blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death charge is 25 percent of the health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA or DNA virus that doesn't recognize -- call the health of health and, first of all, avoiding the pandemic happened.
But this is the biggest force to produce an abundance world.
I call it the billion increasing.
The white lines here are the population.
We just passed the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to play the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion users on the Internet.
Three billion minds never before they hear the global conversation.
What are these people?
What will you get? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And they'll get more health because of the Triceratoph of a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, educated and productive.
How about some voices before you ever heard about it?
What if we give optimists, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What will you get these three billion.
What if they're contributions that we can't predict.
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Folding.
It emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a supplier problem.
They've played with this college teachers among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the recognition machine of human patterns are better by putting proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the management of the marketplace.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It was the current point of part.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1850.
You may believe you would feel pictures, but it wasn't like that.
They actually collect fish.
And I described one of them as a very common.
It was the beam.
It was a lot of this until the 1980s.
Now the fish is at the Red List of the USA.
But we've heard this story many times, on Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have any special stuff.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pressure.
The leaflets still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the displacement of the tape.
Because I was there in 1991 studying a rule in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get in.
I was very burned with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lamp was surrounded by palms, and, as you can see, from a few mangrove men.
There were the talents of about 20 centimeters -- the black bandwidth.
And the fishery of this talent was very abundant and passed for a good time, so it was earning more than the middle in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years later, the number of fish had dropped in half.
They made the five centimeters around.
They experienced genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the grass fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in the 1960s. Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development meant to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called "The Future Four.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in southern China Maria and, especially in the Jaman Sea.
What we captured there was something inexpensive.
We captured, now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spiritually, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny spots on a few, remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the deck and then was stripped.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid coral background, in this case, to be a legal.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They described them because they were dead.
We once captured a living.
I was still not bad.
And so they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen pick every time you go to an area where you have never fish.
But it's not done.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of party, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this is something like this.
On the axis and you have good things -- biodiversity, a lot of comes up, the grain of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images that are required at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and the extrapolate forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the cause of change.
And at the end of the way, I keep some of the other miserable.
And that, in large measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer about, or that they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant, before we get extinct, is very often free.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose some frequent animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little enough because we fishing.
We have a few fish, but we think that's the point of part.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence presented in an earlier way, it's not the way they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of the people present, like captain and so a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or, usually don't use the science scientists because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instant societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
Hence the enormous paper that can be a protected marine zone.
Because with protected marine areas, we actually raised the past.
We raised the past that people can't conceive because the point of part has run and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their point of party.
And what about people who can't do that because they don't have access to, like people in the Midwest, for example?
I think the arts and cinema may be able to fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Chairinia Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the coast of Chekina, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the mathematics and the tools are like "Absent."
And if you think about "Abstedback," if you think about why people are moving with the film -- not to talk about the story of Pooleros, why do you move with the pictures?
Because it makes something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give, is Cameron, making "Absent II in the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alex, the YouTube trend manager and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why video videos are becoming viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars: celebrities -- seats, containers, comedians. When I was younger, that seemed very difficult.
But today the Web video makes any of us, or of our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make it famous on the Internet in a sanitation.
More than 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only one small percentage is made viral -- receives visionary vision and gains culture.
How does that happen?
Three things: training creators and surprisingly factory community.
Okay, let's start with.
Bergland Valentine: Oh, my God, God.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Oh, Guy."
KA: Last year, Berlin Vietnam published this video film outside the National Park of The Some Someboard.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This chart shows the reproduction in the popular summer.
Beatin doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called Metric Mountain Beautiful.
I had already published a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmy.
Jimmy Kim published this tweet that would carry the video into the popular.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmy presents us new and interesting things and put them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black:  It's Friday, love. You have to start the little Friday --   Everybody wants to get the weekend on the weekend -- the weekend.   You know, you Friday --   Kaven: You don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Obviously Black Vietnameses is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This chart shows the use of use.
Like "Progress "Freedom, this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks as well.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday day?
Well, I took it together, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Missile Science Terran, was one of the first people to do a joke on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends embrace a point of view, and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great inner joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 "Peace parts on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other days.
Unlike the computer entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon -- by doing it or doing something new with that.
"Hey Cat" is a representative animation with a computer music.
So that's it.
This year about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours version that has seen four million times.
Until cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats.
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There were remotely.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we can all form part.
Because we're not just enjoying today, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who might have predicted "President "Come Down Dreams or Red Cat" or "Hey?
What a girl could have written that would make this situation?
In a world where two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected can be started with the way these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the crowds in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nob: I was involved by not circular for bike, but often there are obstacles that are inspired by the bicycle.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Noolen made five million people see and understand its idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do in a creative.
And this leads to a big question.
Bergland Valentine: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The creative creations, the creative communities of participation, the totally unexpected thing, are features of a new kind of media -- from a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity that defines popularity for us.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justine Biodivis, started on YouTube.
They don't ask for permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they're just the current media -- but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still being made.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a lifetime.
It's a poet, a drug, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of her country.
Think as the communities come in in Seattle, facing the fact that their life had been totally in value.
The words, for so many friends, now broke it.
It became the silence.
He died out of history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in value, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get us up, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the dawn of simply blowing into the sea.
My mother, Maya, was only 18 when her father died, and a concerned marriage and two young girls.
For her, life had been disappointed to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was ancient for her that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years that challenges the fiction, a boat went down to the destroyed sea of bone fish.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate and rape and death.
As most adults, my mother took a fan with poison.
If we were captured, we first would take it my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the program diving on every wave, and the horizontal and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate people who came several times, but they were fooled with the brave of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't be supported for six hours.
But I do remember the lights from the oil platform in front of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to fund the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I was trying to have given for the men in the platform.
No apple had the same flavor at all.
After three months in a refugee field, we dropped in Mellon.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Forbed, a classroom underground whose population is made of immigrants of immigrants that are important.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence I knew, in Forbeon, had no sense of right.
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of the integrated English were traded between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double shift.
Yet I found time to study English and get a title on IT technology.
We were poor.
All the dollars were stuck, and it established an extra touch in English and mathematics, no matter what was supposed to take off, which was usually new clothes, always was a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tools, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird seasons and painful singers on the rich eyes and some graffiti gravitational -- Asians, go home."
home, where?
Something in me showed up.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted, every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother had cliffs, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares would start to be able to break it.
She opened up a computer store, then studied to be a station and opened another business.
And women came in with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry, influenced kids trapped between two worlds.
Sustainability and cansors.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classical Asian student, implications with what I was talking about myself.
In the other, I was confused in precise lives, tragically little bit of violence by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many people got help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian of the year.
And I was caught from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but their edges didn't fit up.
As I read, February ancestor of Forbide, it was now as Heaven, refugees and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and at home whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocells.
I didn't know how to use the covers to use.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to remove the routine and the comfort of life in an iconic suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling about the day of each one and standing asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when she got up on the boat.
No choice.
"To him, he said, "And you don't know what you're not them."
So I talked about juvenile consideration and education and description to the marginalized and depressed.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was applied to speak.
I met people from all the walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the frontier of the possible.
And although I finished my license, I realized that I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it is okay to be a stranger -- a recent arrived, new on the scene -- and not just it's okay, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean collecting the horizon, it can easily mean accepting your province.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world is depressed, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that would not have been allowed to be allowed to be amazingly.
There was an energy there, an implication optimism, a rare mixture of humility and valuable.
So I followed my intuition.
He brought together a little group of people who the motto cannot do -- it was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny for a year.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We were working at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
It took the decision to move to the United States.
And then a single trip.
My core again.
Three months later, I had moved in, and the adventure continued.
Before I end up, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time when the Constantline was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person who matters.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it.
At 17 it became a conversation of a Mandela whose mother beat her.
Without the support of his husband, he caused a brink when you pull it up and take the cause itself, and much more revenue caused when you win.
It can't be done by being wrong.
I was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died at 1,000 miles a mile in Mellon.
I looked through the shower show, and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to decrease.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Forbed and sat around their seat.
We told her stories and we make sure we were still with her.
At night a monk came and told us he had to close the seat.
My mother asked us to feel her hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?"
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning."
"You haven't standardized it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been very easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask about the boat.
Who could design that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a meadow in your lives, surrounding a brave on every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the horizon, you don't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and look at them, I would do it.
And Drama Ninking and also the mother of so much is here in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Radio about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Scott Alice Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the age of ancient Indian epidemic "The Mark."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a cart and we would survive the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Arroward, the great Indian warrior, I had six, he took a bow and with an arrow on the ground, it gets water.
We now do the same thing with Taliban and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machine had replaced the magic.
And that was a lot of fun.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a presentation if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't touch my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not to kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his player played by pocket.
And this 50-million technological piece was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and nanotechnology in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile clients, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
They get our inspiration.
So I launched me, I took this technology world to see how to use magic to create magic, rather than killing it.
The books since the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a storytelling device capable of connecting to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
To bring the text to the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Narration becomes increasingly multiplication.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Koryna, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light.
And so ...  He says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I get a character from the book.
In several times I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and drawings, but that magic of childhood -- to those ideas that we open out of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always happened to me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release the fireflies.
And actually, they lit your way into what remains the book.
Another idea that fascinated me about a girl was that a whole galaxy was going on in a bag.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a bag that I drag into this magic device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book there has always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map growing and smell and guide for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary at the same time.
These are the considerations here.
We've all heard of the hands and the nines, but how many people outside of India know their Indian contrasting, they would apply them?
These poor applications have been trapped in the cameras of India during millennia, in an old and a wet book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked down, attached to their P.C. -- they haven't gone out the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out in the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: palms of paints, rocks and cows and column.
For some reason, children don't do it.
So to recover this ritual of childhood to go out, and in a chapter take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
And this is a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A little boy in London puts a picture of a sleep and says, "Oh, today, I saw a south."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken away.
Inside the magic conditions between magic, Earth and technology are a lot of possibilities.
In the next book, we tend to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video cut and through augmented reality, you see a group of animals that appear on the inside plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is filled with leaves.
And you have to make the sound of wind and pick them up so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are connected with technology and magic and technology close to each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Radio University was to get a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she had a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known: What happens?"
How can we help it?
And we tend to think that this is one of the biggest problems that everybody else, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi. It's a very simple thing.
It has a pink pack and complicated.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 K.
But it's so simple, that every time I get together, I send my information to Google Health information.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. And so he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time in which I need cardiac assistance or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning, I connect to my Wi-Fi school and before I get up to my car, people start talking to me, Lockil, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also so that patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, I will be available.
This little bathroom connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will be, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send their medical pressure, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they go back to the control and to be capital of their own boat, but it can also help us to health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the cost of medicine, the doubling of demand and other issues.
Making techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through corporation.
And one of the things we did would like to share it with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfect.
So where all the gas gas.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest DNA to help this patient?
We asked ourselves, but no one did.
Nobody knew where to get DNA saved lives right now.
What we did was we did criticism in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience -- "What you see is an DECT -- please send them in, give them where it's open, because sometimes open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Law, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Maharm and somebody else, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks will use your cell phone to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just like DNA 4010, which is the name of the product, but also like DARPA.
And we wish to start global level.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the corruption of the DNA around the world.
Every time you get from vacation and somebody else, it can be a relatives or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
You could be services of messages or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in place.
Please angry in this and not just improve your health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're pictures that you can't take with your cameras.
My interest for photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed with my previous passion for the drawing but it was a little bit different because using the camera the process was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the pull.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pull.
Photosheres like this: a building in a very crowded road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reaction.
Or pictures like these, dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the reaction level.
And when I say reactions, I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Pictures that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Are the details or the colors.
Intervenerations the light?
What creates the illusion.
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But at the end it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here are three perfectly unimaginable objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if it is.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So, we put the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It really consists to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture seems to be realistic I think they're those where we don't even think about things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something is wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are reaching with these requirements -- they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think this is a picture of a landscape, and the bottom part is manipulated.
But this image is completely composed by pictures of different places.
In the personal thing, I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put the ideas in the head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought about this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
Costs are from a different location.
The supermarket part was captured in a piece of rock.
And yes, I even made the house on the top of the island so that it seems more Sweden.
So to get a realistic result, I think it takes planning to be missing.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here each piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take pictures the outcome can be very beautiful and very realistic at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing you a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder mine.
I'm not interested in showing you the details but the general side.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the RSIITPO microscopes versus the power of local area.
What's interesting about this is that this is like many other ones that we tend to see, is a kind of straight line on the logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Speaking about technology curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird happens.
And that's exactly going to talk.
Please follow the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why would we draw technological curves in logarithmic scale?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve in which we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to grab -- the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I plot for example, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a sexuality curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as microscope microscopes, tomorrow tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move forward to that rate.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a reflecting growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to do is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't get forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things will happen.
Or it will be a typical curve. I know like this until it gets something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask myself, is, what is that new way that you adopt the world?
What new state is the world heading?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember when the future happened in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference that people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been completed, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel a transformation.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will be so different to extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term.
The time scale that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about two billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that were floating around them.
If we look at the way that chemicals organized we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that point, there was a few oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and so forth.
And they started to split.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet forms.
But those blobs were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide up an accurate distribution of chemicals that they had.
So every mountain was a little different.
In fact, the blobs that somehow are defined by being better at the time of incorporating the chemical chemists -- they grew more and more chemical and they divide more.
They usually lived longer. They were more represented away.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way we don't really understand these goals learned to store information.
They learned to stop information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this evolution without sense, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate them.
The amazing thing is that the writing system seems to have remained stable since two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living being expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun. Now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 millimeters of white dust that try to hide people in airport security.
But it has -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragile and put it down 10 to the 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have many for all the present, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was an editor would have put it into a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing the DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big interesting step in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin penicillin, and they took them up to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are a lot of resistant resistance because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave you a place that would form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they established a synergy.
And so they survive or they failed together, or if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community were replicated more, and they were favorable for evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so close that in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different types of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And building very special structures that they didn't do more than process in community.
These are the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the things that are responsible for recording and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that point as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not to evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat certain fruit because I knew bad and sick the last time they ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures are hugely accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here emitting a few groups, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in your heads that I get some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we turn it into sound, in sound, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to perform abstractions.
Now we go for similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we absorb our record methods, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a small step in that direction.
The phone, the I.T. tape, the CEO, the CEO, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that connects us in something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary example of Typas in which he produced some evolution with the Convenience program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of history that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language and so on, took less than a million years.
And the next ones like electronics, it seems to take just a few decades.
The process reflects -- I guess all the right is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of curve.
We see the process feedback.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I employ to design them would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thick Machines, we think of a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could before you could -- it gets far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it gets methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is the evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscopes.
And, for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, you can run a hundred million sequences of sounds of sounds?
Could you run these sequences of random instructions, running all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say that I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order order, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could use two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that they better did the task.
Let's get those things to the rest of them.
And now we reproduce the ones that are better ordered by numbers.
And we're going to play them back following a process of reconnection analogous to sex.
We take two programs to take kids, who are surrounding substantists, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
And so we got a new generation of programs of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
It California.
You put some mutations.
And it tries again, and it tries another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs -- strange programs.
But they get the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the target because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend on achieving it.
It was once a 737 with Martin Ministers and pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of participants that work together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel sort of feeling?"
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to do different design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it's represented.
The thing gets faster and faster and so I think it seems so confused.
Because all these technologies are feeding up.
We're slippery.
And we are at an analog moment to college organisms when they became multipletential.
We are the amoeba, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we are all part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now it comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've spent enough time to allow me to be part of my false president on that.
Before the subject of my talk, we talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Spring is coming.
We love baseball, right?
baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's to get out of "The Redwoods, talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery average.
And we talked about 300, a battle that kills 300 battery.
That means that bathroom buttons effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being carry, and that anybody who tries to launch it to the first base, doesn't get to time, and the second base will be saved.
Three tries 10.
Do you know how you call a 300 in the Great Legos?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a $600 baseball bat.
By the way, that is somebody than 10 beats -- eight at all four.
Legos -- like the legendary Ted Williams player the last player at the Last League of baseball to run more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have appealing to a surgeon that has also a 400 in poppers.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose you live in a remote place, and you want to have two broken coronary arteries and your family doctor leading it to a cardiologist whose anger record is 200 dollars.
But you know what?
She's improving this year.
And their actions have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you believe that should be the average of the parts of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic or a nurse or a gigantic oil?
One, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the acts of a good surgeon or a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, however, is to send them into the world, and I include the manager of being perfect.
That they never, ever made a mistake and pressure to figure out how to do well.
That was the take-home message when I was in medical school.
I was an amazing computer student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Golden studied to a blood test.
Just like that.
I studied in my little desert, in the General hospital resident of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my class of anatomy -- memory and muscle work, the branching of every single art coming out of the attenda, the diagnostic difference and the non-state difference.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the kidney tune advanced.
And as much as I was getting more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you get from medical school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then you know everything, or the most possible thing, you close to the whole thing, because I would be immune from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs.
I was a resident in a college hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought to Mrs. Drake to the emergency service where I was working.
At that point, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when emergency I used to look at a cardiologist took me to the patient.
And it will inform the chief of residents.
When I saw Mrs. Drake, he was jumping.
I heard a responsible sound.
And when I picked it, I heard a broken sound on both sides, which was telling me a cognitive heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working, and instead of breaking blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood and therefore there's difficulty breathing.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that would give him.
I gave him Afghanistan and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him digital, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when he made the first mistake, he sent her into his house.
It actually made two more mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone, and I did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and build it with him to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to take a clean information.
Perhaps I did it for a good reason.
I may not want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss without even contributing.
The second mistake I made was worse.
By sending it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Google, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse that I cared for the Drane Mrs. "Do you think it's okay if you go to your home?"
And the nurse thought, and then he said with total nature, "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the paradigms took her to their house.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I went on with my job.
At the end of the day, I picked up to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where I was my car to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the way home.
And there was another nurse, not the one who cared about the Drake lady before, but another one, told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors are afraid of.
Other specialists are also afraid of it, but there's a particular particular particular particular that we see patients fast.
The three words are against you?
"You remember the patient that sent his home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the verge of death.
At the end of an hour of having come home, after I gave her the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 9/11.
I just breathed and was blue.
The emergency staff delivered all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
They put an artificial breath.
I was shown and stuck to the cord.
I had a mixture of feelings because then they would stabilize it was in intensive therapy and expected against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days ago, it was evidence that I would never wake up.
It had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
Eight or nine days, they resisted what was going on.
And the ninth day, they let it go. The lady Drake, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say that they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was pleased by that and I experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just silently, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You do the paths and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The malignant shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I smooth things and make sure that they wouldn't be demand.
And I kept asking me those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss, why did I send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make such a stupid mistake?
Why chose medicine?
Soon at the time, that feeling was display.
And I started feeling better.
And on a negative day, he opened the sky and finally came out the sun and asked me if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I had reduced the efforts to be perfect to make no more mistake, it would make those voices.
And it did.
I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, it was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I received a 25-year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and appropriate.
He was sitting here.
I looked at his throat -- I was a little bit colorful here.
He wrote penicillin and sent him into his house.
But as he went to the door she was still pointing out her throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my charter change, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I put the three words, right?
Remember the patient that he saw by a pain in the guilt?
Well, he came back and he didn't have a corporate factors.
He had a potentially deadly affect called the epidemics.
You can look for it at Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but from the very top, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He said, fortunately, it didn't fail.
It gets antibiotics for it and it recovered.
And it was the same period of shame and representations, then I went back and I would work, until again and again, and again.
Two times in the same terrorist of urgency, not distributed applications.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a river X-ray -- but it turned out, a colleague that was checking to the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand block, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to replicate and asked my colleague to check it.
I checked it up and I noticed a certain sensitivity in the bottom right, called the surgeon.
They both were operated and they recovered well.
But every case, I got stuck.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a paint.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Only advanced and support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes if I can't find the vocabulary that tells me what it really happens, how could I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach you this so that you don't make the same errors compete?
If I would go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also -- that a transition in my hospital I had the wrong leg -- believe me would have difficulty looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial.
It's the system that there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that are not allowed to sleep and the ones that do have a sense of outcomes and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will get a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism -- I've done a bad medical project and medical failures to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto, Star to my program, "White Coast, Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are supportive.
We work in a system where errors are happening every day, where one in 10 drug drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disability is not right. In a system where the inspiring infection is increasingly more, and more numbers, by providing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian for evident medical mistakes.
The U.S. Institute established 100,000 100,000.
In both cases, it's about bridge substances, because we're not designing the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years, and we don't update ourselves.
The dream is invited all the way.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect story of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, take the same patient with a pain in the chest, it comes directly with tears, and with encouraging all of a sudden my story is slowly.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things as well.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate their symptoms always the same way.
So the errors are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we removed all the professional professionals to error, well, not to be anybody.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their most serious things?
In my program, "Black Design, black art, is already a cost to say, "This is my worst mistake. I would tell everybody from the paradigms to the heart of heart surgery -- "This is my worst mistake, blah, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah -- "What are your mistakes?" And I will run the microphone to them.
And their students were stopped, they would go down, they would go down the head and swallow salt and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The rediscovering physician is human, you know human, you accept it, and it doesn't press your mistakes -- but you strive to learn what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with intention to catch them, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings direct the system, and when this happens, they make errors every time in the world.
My name is Brian Goldithale.
I'm a rediscovered doctor.
I'm a human, I make mistakes.
And I feel a lot of it, but I feel about learning something that can convey to others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember that.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey of more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that said picking up a media American, are about 70 to day.
It doesn't do a lot, at a research followed for a week to a group of prisoners of companies.
Researchers recorded the different tasks for these executives and time that they worked in making related decisions with those tasks.
They found that in average, they take 130 jobs a week.
So naturally, every job included many microbes.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent took an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many of you belong to nine minutes, and how many of you of an hour.
How do you figure out how to handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today: choose to choose the options.
I want to talk about the problem and a few possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please give you a palm.
And now my first question: Are you ready to hear about the problem of the optimistic office?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I witnessed this very high level of levels, at least at that time was very sophisticated.
His name was Drange.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There was about 250 different kinds of mustard and gravity, over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of the bottled water one -- and this was when we took water from the graph.
I loved going to that store, but I was wondering, why never bought nothing?
This is the story of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including the ones that were in a sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided I was going to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy offer all these options?"
He pointed out to me the footprints full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with members.
Hello.
They had 33 different classes.
We installed a place to go, just at the entrance of the store.
We put up there from six taste, or of 24 different sandwiches, and we looked at two things: First, how many people were willing to stop to try to try to try to try to try to try to try the member?
More people stopped when they were 24 -- 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a metal to melt.
Here we find the opposite effect.
They stopped when it was 24, only three came to buy members.
What they stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought members.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy that if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy that we are probably going to get us -- -- less is good to preserve the line -- but it turns out that the problem of opportunity overload affects us in deep decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though it doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Gore Hubble, Emility Jamaican and Weight Janey, where we look at savings about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available in savings plans for retirement plans, the 401, they took people to save for the future.
And we discovered that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 65 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds, they had less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, you see that in the plans that offer two funds -- the rate of participation was 70 or more, not as high as you like.
And in the plans that offered about 60 bottom, the participatory rate went down to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the number of choices, the more people were inconsistent to avoid the actions or the hedge funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest on market financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences when we offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, which is even when this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in finance and health.
They are more likely to pick things out of searches, even though they objectively go better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that giant variety of Mayan, mustard and gravity and memorized, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that amazing testing.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Court.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Correct."
They care about losing space in the ancestor.
But actually what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange choices, there will be an increase in sales -- will go down the costs, there'll be a better experience in choice.
When Park & Gamble went from 26 different types of Haiti & Silicon to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the corporation Goldman Cathol removed the products for cases that were less sold -- increased the units in 78 percent -- more sales and fewer costs.
You know that today's supermarkets are known as a 45,000 products.
In a Walka store, about 100,000 products.
But the largest stores in the world today is Alliance and offering only 1,500 products -- a kind of tape tomato sauce kind of tape.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to deal with the choices is the plate of David Lakers, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are automatically income to a insurance fund.
They really want to choose, they are offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that people often say, "I don't know how to cut off.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, "Tell me the differences that are among those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do your customers either.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garrow.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a few vacation with everything paid to the world's most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you with a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the Garden offer.

They're not else?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a trick.
Who's ready for that trip.
I think I actually heard more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second one, but I can get to the second and say that you thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the operation of choices, which is Context.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences should be feeling very fast, very concrete, very concerned.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when they use debit cards or credit cards that when you use effective?
Because it doesn't seem like real money.
It turns out that making it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Sun Braining and Alexander Prevention, on the U.S. staff -- they worked on English, these people were in a meeting that they were adapting to a 401 plan.
So that meeting, that we built exactly as a result, we made a little addiction.
What we added was we applied to the staff that they would think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the 2005 and increased increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts of 40.
The third technique is Clay.
We can handle more categories than choices.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine.
We saw that in the Sergia supermarkets, along the North Cortex, the exhibition of magazines can contain from 33 different types to 647.
But, you know?
Because the classification tells me how to do them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called Jackson, and the other one, "Knievel."
If you think the one on the left is Swiss and the one on the right is Japan, you give a palm.
Well, there are some of them.
If you think the one on the left is Japanese, and the one on the right is Swiss, you give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japanese, and the one on the right is Swiss. But you know what?
This statement is completely useless.
The categories must indicate something to whom chooses -- not to define them.
You can often see this problem with those huge financial lists.
So who are they impacting with?
My fourth category, Conflict compare.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision, the buy of a car.
This is a German market maker that allows you to think of it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions to draw the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options.
colors, outside color of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box -- four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options, 56 colors, to a few children, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, a lot of options.
And what am I going to look?
How involved you are.
If you always take the button in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed or whatever, you're losing them.
We found that the ones that are going from many choices to a few options -- they put the button down over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, you continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was disrupt the order in which information.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose it.
Even though the box of changes is not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We have a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of opportunity surface: Court, eliminating strange alternatives, Constantlessly, make it real. Claiming, make it real -- climate, we can handle more categories with less choices -- to confront complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives or better, to you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful in choice.
And the more careful we are in our choices, the better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a writing machine should register it to government.
There had to be a text text sheet written with the machine.
And so the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writing with the wrong message you could track the footprint into the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't realize that someone could do this, so much that this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow printed dots on every page that you follow a pattern that makes them on one and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to take a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world we can add the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
You are the cybercriminals here.
Dimitric Gulf from the city of Kida, in Ukraine.
The cybercriminals cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to win a lot of money, the people who are amazing.
There are really many cases of millions online, multipleteing, who won money with their attacks.
This is Virginia Tasmania, from Target, Estonia Ethiopia.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Watter.
This is Britain Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson: Tasmanian Alexander etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media using banking managers to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service is two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this guy, Sam January, and this account was 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. January was coming up, and he knows her paradox.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victim of a crime that of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from the worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attractions in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that makes them motivate them, they motivate them, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have picked up in the last 12 months occupying a piece of paper in online attacks.
Those are the three main attractions: the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous that do it to protect and the last group is the national states that they attack.
And then we see cases like Diego.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
Digital is a controlling authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
Decide the last fall, because of a satellite.
They were holding the security of the site and they lost a cyber.
Last week, I said, in a meeting with the representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people who were being killed by the attack to Digital.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from a attack?
Digital authority is a current authority.
They sell certainly.
What do current ceremony?
Well, you need if you have a website with homes, expressive services, Salamed services, services like Gambalon.
Except that they intercept a foreign current authority.
And they emit appropriate certainty.
And in the case of Digital Diegen exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, the protesters took the Egyptian secret police headquarters in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this folder called FFL.
And within that folder there was notes of a company with a guy in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept a lot of the communications of the citizens of the country.
He had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters is right here.
So Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago we found the Scottish transportation -- a transplant used by the German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes further.
You can intercept the Internet connection.
You will use even tools like the Scottish translator to infect our computer with a transplant to allow you to see all the communication, and listen to the discussions online, to get our data.
When we think about things like this obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect because I'm an honest citizen.
Why would I care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
Privacy is not discovered.
It's not a question of privacy against safety.
It's about the freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, whatever right we need today, will be forever.
We're going to have blindly in any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi does not have close to most of the South, which means that wild animals like blocks are freely minimal outside the park.
And predators, like the lions are, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead I felt very bad because it was the only tower we had.
My community, the masses, we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to get them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hearing a lot of the lions.
They die them are warriors that protect our community and the livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there's so few in the National Park of Nairobi in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, from the six to nine years old, is responsible for her father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions was afraid of it.
But I realized that this was actually not served, because even it helped the lions to see the story of far.
I didn't get up. I continued.
A second idea was to use a spinal.
I was trying to trick the lions so they thought I was close to the style.
But lions are very clever.  They came the first day and they saw the spinals, and they go, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I was going to understand and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
Army everything.
As you can see, the solar solar panel, and the battery supply the electricity to the little Indian box. I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the lights decline.
As you can see, the light bulb goes out, because that's where lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come at night.
The lights go down and get the lions to think I'm walking through the show, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never have trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed her many animals and asked me if I could put the lights in.
I said yes.
You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now all over Kenya, to scare other predators like hydrogens, letters, and it's also being used to write elephants from farms.
So thanks to this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brother School and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses who don't have it, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the sea of the savanna holding the cows of my father, and I used to see planes fly, and I was telling me that someday I would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get to be an engineer and a pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions and we can be with lions without any conflict.
A wave. What in my language means thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship -- Richard Turkey" -- yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your ready?
RS: My next invention is -- I want to make a close electric fence -- CA: A fence close?
RS: I know you were invented by electrical fences -- but I want to do my mine.
CA: So you try it once, right? And you -- RS: I tried it before, but I stopped because I got a camp.  CA: On the foot of the Canyon, Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate every step that you go, my friend.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Investment "In All."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Institute, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
But sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister of my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop being in this world, because we haven't eaten in the past two weeks.
We are recorded together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we're ready to die."
I was very strongly.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
So a little while, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in her arms looking at her mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine.
At the end, more than a million North Koreans died during famine and only few survived eating step, insects and tree cortex.
They were also getting more and more frequent the energy cut, all around me was completely to dark at night except by the light lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Amazon River, which serves the boundary between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very anger in certain points, allowing North to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives away.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to go back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live like a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life was like as a refugee normal.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be replicated to a horrible destination.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being North, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and departed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer questions.
At the end of the interrogation an official said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not North."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some North Koreans in China are looking for analysis in foreign embassy embraces.
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and department.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These North Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, the North Koreans are captured in China and department to North Korea, where they are tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape -- many other North Koreans have been so lucky.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all its world can be taken into an instant.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk me going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
To be afraid of South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected to.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We are all Koreans, but we have come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
Even a crisis of identity.
Am I South America or north?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride me.
Even though to adapt to the life in South Korea it wasn't easy, I made a plan. I started studying for an income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call alarm.
Now the North Korean authorities introduced some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location outside the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for over 3,000 miles across China and then through the Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked for the identification of everybody, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I immediately stood up, and I told him that they were a female man who was coming into.
I looked at me suspicious but fortunately believed me.
We did all the way to the Lake border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lakes.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated to cross the border illegal.
After paying malaria and subsequents, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and concerned again in the L.A. capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was retreated in prison in a short distance of the South Korea.
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bridges or much much much.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man ask yourself, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about asking him.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt the man went to the ATM car and he gave me the rest of money for my family and for another two North Koreans and take them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?"
"I'm not helping you."
"I'm helping the North people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North people when we needed it.
And I showed me that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are actually the hope cups that the North people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving your freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they open into a new country, they start with little or any money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, the English language practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help the North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North North America, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is South Central Center: dairy shops, fast food, empty land.
So the planners in the city came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles, as if this would fix what's wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South Anderson.  The dairy shops, fast food, barrel land.
Like 265 million other Americans, living in a food desert, the Angeles Center, home from food places to take and eating in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to carry more people than food in the car.
People are dying of rural diseases in Los Angeles Central Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hillis who is about 15 miles away.
I get tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in its neighborhood?
I see chairs of buying wheels and sold as used cars.
I see disposal centers lit like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to me as well as I was able to handle 45 minutes of going and come back to buy an apple that doesn't have any pesticides, right?
What I did, I planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a garden.
It's 45 feet 11.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what it comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Groups, we put together and we start to plant our food forest -- fruit trees -- you know, nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of group paid by advanced computers of all the processes. All of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
And then someone was gotten.
The city came up with me, and in summary, they gave me a quote by saying that I had to withdraw my garden, the quote made radio order.
And I said, "Come on, do we really get to go.
A judicial order to plant food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, let me go."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Los, and he talked to the conception and one of the members of Green Ground, who put a petition in China, with 900 firms -- we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My conception even called to say that they were responsible and adopted what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more land terrain.
It has 60 miles of barrier terrain.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 75 million tomato plants.
Why don't you look like this?
Growing a plant to give you a few thousand seeds.
When a dollar of halls will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my hypothetical, when I tell people, culture your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my children there.
I was laughing to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti -- I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, which raises walls, I drink soil, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my advantage of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a guard is and how you affect people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation from my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
They were surprised to see how it affects kids.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a urban.
Also, they get frogs.
I remember an occasion, which came a mother and his daughter -- they were like the 1930s at night and they were in my backyard, and they were going to be very welcome.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who was so close to me with hunger, and this only reinforce why I do this, people ask me, "Dear, don't you fear people will steal your food?
And I say, "For God no, I don't have fear that you're going to steal it."
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but I want you to take your health back.
There was another time that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and her grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Grounded has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had, like about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in volunteer plan.
If the kids grow color, the kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat touchesters.  But if none of this is taught to you, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind people what you put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're stuck. I see color kids that are on this path designed for them, who doesn't take them nowhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are commissioned from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Card is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we'll never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take container and turn them into healthy courses.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because it's not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I talk about is to get people to work for people, to take kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become recorded by evolutionary records, sandwiches, sandwiched garden.
We have to change the script of what's a search.
If you're not a garden, you're not a search.
That the sandwiches take their room out?
That is their choice weapon.
In a nutshell, if you want to meet me, you know, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit, to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your wing so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Child sounds)  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of taxistry, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rain a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that it comes on.
And especially if you go in your bicycle and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make stranger carefully roads.
The post-conflict taste, a material that we use now in most roads in the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all the rain water will flow down to the sides and have a road for which it's easy to drive, and they won't make water again.
The noise will also disappear in these points.
Because it's very hole, the whole noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has depresses, of course, and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is to disappear? You see that in this road the surface stones go out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more and so on, and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can give it your pregnant, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create bugs with that.
Ah, he's ready.
bacteria, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how damage comes in this material.
It's a strong tasting, as I said, so just a little amount of adversary between the stones of the stones.
Because of the performance, to the ultraviolet light, the oxygen light, this advertise, this battery, the glue between the rights, will be concerned, and if you come together, you will make microbes and get off the additional ones.
So, if you drive through the road, you're going to get the adding out, as you saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about surrounding materials.
If we can make this material reaching you, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean sands, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the drink.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel whale on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one that you see here, that you use to cook -- a computer machine.
The industry can walk, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button flow through these microbes and the stones will look back at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great drug machine here on the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We need to try it."
So they donated a piece of road, 400 meters from the AIDS highway, where we had to do a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the road test, and then of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples of this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples aging, we put a lot of burden into them, we repair them then with our manufacturing machine and we went back and try and test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy energy to actually increase the lives of the surface surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface -- actually will be saved a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to cool first before you can show you how the repair act.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember being woken up one morning with the sound of the puzzle in my house.
My father was listening to BC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news is usually depressed.
"The Taliban went out." The Taliban were going to shout out my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he told me.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban were taken away from Afghanistan, and they made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister who could no longer be out there, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could both educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could support where we were.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were going to go from buy.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us thrown in a little room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot, in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban was supported.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Are they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were lifted, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters a test.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total income of a remote province of Afghanistan. insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father gave him it.
But my mother education became teacher.
This is her.
It will be reduced two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a greater risk not to educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to give up, but my father said, "Meme, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do.
So do you want not to go?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age have more than chart, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud to graduate at Michael College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was exactly a home of her home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate him.
He was not only ready from my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry it through the streets in Kabul.
My family believe in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 17, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded ALS, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risky for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like my own, an advocate for them, even in front of a devastating opposition.
Like Hamber. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and her daughter were walking from Alland to her village, and literally they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you are the phone, a voice would warn him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try it again.
Show me already, if you want to, he said, "But not to hurt the future of my daughter for his old and put into ideas.
What I've realized Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those who we trigger, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see that the success of her his own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interpretations of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school are in hundreds of hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear that these changes don't last much, after the U.S. troops retirement.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that they encourage them, I see a future promise and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and impactions unlimited and every day in the ASA remember it.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the example: "Hi, resist Gabby. struggle.
But you never become a revolutionary study Gabby.
They've spent almost two years since it was the free revolution inspired by the embraces of mass mobility as much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with many other online citizens, inside and outside the country to call a dropping day and start a revolution against the really Gabby region of Gabby.
And we did. It was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the gravity, demanding the fall of the regime, providing freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a value of dealing with the brutal dictatorship of Gaddanch.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war, and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the ship.
However, Jack left a heavy strand, a legitimacy legacy, corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the Grandma Sunday regime destroyed infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of free society.
conscious of devastation and challenges, I've wanted, alongside many other women, to rebuild free civil society, demanding an inclusive transition to democracy and national reconciliation.
They were established about 200 organizations in Kenya during the bottom, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Trice.
After a 36-year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a single enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Los Peace Laboratory in the Peace -- a movement of women -- leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the political autonomy of women and for our right of electricity in the construction of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the presidential period, an environment that was increasingly police, which is models of selfish and excuses.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 175 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, little by little, the electricity of election and the revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day, we found news news.
One day we woke up with the news of the professional mosques and Sufi mouths.
Another day I loved the news of the American ambassador and the contrast to the confused.
Another day we woke up with the news murder of the army office.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government government and their continuing violation of human rights and their lack of law respect.
Our society was formed by a revolutionary mindset, and it gets more, and has been removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The interface, the exclusion and the revenge.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our history of the success of climate clip and elections.
Now, I'm here today to trust that we as a nation, we choose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
Creative list and alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recovering?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still policed and dominated with selfish policy policies and exclusion, both men like women?
Perhaps what failed was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion values.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices of the election, which only reinforce polarization and division and division to it.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than to need the numerical and quantitative representation.
We need to stop acting as indigenous agents and call it anger.
We need to start acting as compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female discourse that not only honor -- but also puts the mysticities rather than revenge. collaboration instead of competition -- inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, shattered by the war, desperately needs the end of getting peace.
Because peace has an argument that is about interaction and alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real creature.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it socialized.
According to a version of the Koran "Self-safety -- peace -- "It's the word of the my mineral God.
At the time, the word "broken -- which is known in all the algaing traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "Hall -- by looking at the feminine and material, which spans all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all the people have eat.
And so just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the natural compassion all existence.
This is how you tell us, "My mystery would open all the things."
This is how you tell us, "My mystery comes on about my arm."
They're all considered by the mystery of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an unusual question, which has an equally inclusive answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is doing always, why is she left?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who stops him.
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just been at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and editor in Senator magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green car American Express, and he had a very big secret.
My secret was that a lot of times, a lot of times, the man, who I created my twin soul, pointed me into the head with a gun.
The man, he loved more than anybody in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened to kill more times than I can remember about.
I'm here to tell you the story of low love, a psychological trap. Dispersain displays, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA in March Business School in Marshall.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of list "Foreign 500, among them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burricon and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black lab and I drive an Hong Odysseus minimum.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all the religions, all the levels of clothing and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everyone thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the markets are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and researchers and long duration or saying otherwise in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, reason why, the domestic abuse is so clear.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who beat him, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women between 16 and 24 years of age are three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, bones and husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side in New York subway and started to fly with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had just gotten away from a university of the Eler Legos and worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and funny, and it seemed like a guy in the field.
I had some big metals like apples, and a broken hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that I did Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it about all the beginning by putting on a penn.
We started out and loved all of me, which was ready, that he had gone to Harvard who would be able to help teenage girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I love to believe in me, as a writer, and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And it was why the legislation in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduced and to make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I agreed -- I left my work and Congo and I went together in Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a lovely love, which was entering head in a physical trap.
The next step in the domestic pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it works.
And here is where they come into the scene that stores.
As soon as we move to New England you know, that site where it was supposed to be so safe to feel so safe to buy three piles.
One was in the guilt of the car.
The one was stuck under the pillow in our bed and the third always in its pocket.
And he said that I needed those guns because of the trauma that lived in a small one.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those guns actually were a message for me, and, although I never had lifted my hand, my life was in serious danger every single day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the band.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend from my mother and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved it, and he also wanted a lot of me.
And I was very, very standing.
It just had been very adopted by the wedding and for the fact that I would form a family with me.
It had been an isolated accident, and I would never have been hurt.
I spent twice more in our honey moon.
And the first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I bounce several times against the car screen.
And then, a couple days later, driving back from our honey moon, it was used by traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to face.
Conference was still giving me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or accepted at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control that every year 15 million children are marketed, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I stay in?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
In contrast, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly advanced man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo to face their demons.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you get it?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
This is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we victims know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a market.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in domestic violence cases happens after the victim has gone end to the relationship, after they die, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other implications include permanent adopt, even after the abuse has become married, financial resources and manipulation system of family justice system to land the victim and their children, who are usually forced by the judges to spend time with the man who beat her mother.
And we still still wonder why it just doesn't go?
I was able to be able to go, because of one last paradox that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed her.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody the world: the police, my neighbors and my friends and family, to my friends and family, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to eradicate victims like spinal teenagers, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it there?"
For some people is a way to say "The guilt is yours for standing," as if the victims are choosing to interact with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Lake Love," I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped, who learned an inevitable lesson of what happened to them and they brought their lives out of joyful and happy lives like employees, wife and mothers, lives completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I am actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
And I went married with a cute man and kind, and we have those three kids.
I have that black lab and also that minimumist.
What I'm not going to have ever more, ever more, is a closed gun pointing my head in someone who says I want.
At this point, as you're thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating." or "Handy, what stupid it was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you there are a few people that are listening to me right now, which are being missed or they were small or they are brothers themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, her best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy love to my crazy love by breaking the silence.
And I'm doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last petition to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse just thrives in silence.
They have the power to deal with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims we need all over the world.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the mall to the light talking about it with your children, your job, your friends and family.
They replace their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to interest consciously, to slow up their climb and show the victims a safe exit.
Together, we can turn our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful houses that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this point, there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have seen it like that.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of fortune to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when he came up, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tattoos are very awkward, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything as you cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
Appreciation is powerful, but it also surfaces.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would draw the back and take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I did two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, even though surfing and immediately, has a great impact in our lives.
So today, to me, it means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my job sector, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing it, but it kind of sounds.
The first question is, how do you get to being model?
And I always say, a hunters discovered me, but that means nothing.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage -- and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admit, we also associate it to a high and universal figure, to the familiarity and to a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I've known to be able to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now specifically, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say.
First of all, the happiness for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But I really have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York City told each and every one of the models on the runway, and from the 67 models hired -- just 27, I mean, less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be a model when you get up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a northeastern nervous surgeon and poet, which would be amazing, because you'd be the first one.
If after this particular list, you still insist -- no, no, Cameron, I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my head.
Because I am not in charge of nothing, and you could be the feedback chief of the American Virginia magazine or the CEO of Hemlow or the next Steven Methanu.
To say that most of you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose to.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike the heart surgery, it can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've got your studies, you have a current authority and some jobs to your back, no matter what you say, that is, if you were saying you wish you wish to be president from the United States, but your resumes said, "Money clothes for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people are always doing is if all pictures are taken.
And yes, you basically get all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a biology, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal land, but it was a girl.
This is how it looks like my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here's a couple of days before the photos for the French Virginia.
Here I am with my football team and Vietnam magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They're creating a group of professionals, phones, markets, photographers and statics, and all of their aid and police people, and they get this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many tanks of 20 inches and I never use, except the previous couple -- but the privilege I get is the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me free dress for free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a premier driver, and he jumped up a red sense, and of course, they would stop us, and it was just a sorry, agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not because of what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their sense without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 100,000 teenagers who were given and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 1770, black and Latino young Latin New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times are I going to stop it?
By researching for this talk, I found out that at 53 percent of 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that figure goes to 78 percent at 17.
So, the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit more thin and you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the camera, we give an answer that maybe seems like that.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also amazing to be able to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just part of what's going on, because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never said in front of them is, I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with a few more thin legs and the most brilliant legs, will be happier.
They only have to get together with a group of models because they have the most thin legs and the most brilliant and the more in the fashion and they probably be the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something to get from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was older enough to add a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more price pictures -- and I didn't go to me who took them.
There were no artistic directors, no statics, no opportunity to repeat photos -- not even a minimum care in the lighting industry.
In fact, most of them took them random tourists.
My story begins when I was getting in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five and a five and a five and a five and a five and a five and a half.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York right a year later, so we decided to pull the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was coming, my wife told me, why don't you take you to Sea to New York City on a drug trip and you continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists.
It's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever helped with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life this journey would change.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week in October and make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reaches new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interacts with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking, when suddenly, it stopped in dry and pointed out a red ticket from the grocery store that was adding from small in previous visits.
And I described what I had felt at the age of five.
I said he remembered his heart painting with force when I first saw that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memories.
I don't know of you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't want to get closer to somebody and ask yourself, do you get a picture of it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bursting is in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It's also associated with Disney laughter personalized as mental characters, silly characters, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press laughter, applause and capitalism, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment.  The paradigms don't help prevent disease spread.
It's hardly money.   They're far from extinction.  And my favorite, the courts have better presence --   There are two kinds of bursting on this planet.
There are the New World Burning birds that are mainly found in the Americas, like the centers and the cards of the Old World World -- where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the Bhutanese important? First of all, providing vital ecological services, Like Limb.
They're our natural trash collectors.
They clean the cadavers up to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria -- help absorb the anthrax that they won't be for them to extend and cause great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no burning, the doors take three to four times a time to declare, and this has huge ramifications in disease spread.
The courts also have enormous historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Southern was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and along with the copper between the altitude and the Long Egypt.
In the Indian mythology, Jack was the bird god, and he risked her life to save the dialogue Sister of 10 Harvard head.
In the Tibetan culture, they do some very important entertainment to open sky, in places like Tibet. There's no place to bury dead, or wood to create them, so these burning provides a system of natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the birds?
We have eight species of burning in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened extinctions.
The reason is that they're being coming together, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and fauna, the professional communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the courts are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of burning are on the critical list of endangered endangered danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will get extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Diamond.
This drug has been banned for veterinarians in India and have taken a position.
Because there is no burning, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in the shores of coaches, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge pump of time for orbit. The number of rage cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa -- 350 adverses are going to be on the top of the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them through half.
They're bird trials.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead budgets to serve the barrier and the fishing market.
So what is doing? Well, we're investigating these birds. We're putting them transportation.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so to focus on a problem that's certainly not going to serve anything.
We need to work with governments at the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the burning, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures.
How can you help? It can become active, to make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell them, we need to focus on these very unconscious creatures, donate their time to spread the word.
When you get out of this room, you will be informed on the burning, but you talk to your families, with your children, with your neighbors on your bursts.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, without spending energy in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing I do and everything I do professionally my life, has been shaped by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1991 to 1977, young life, but I am no longer --  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, Carlos and Somalia, in traditional cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian Nano, and every project we set up in failed Africa.
And I was purposed.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we put out of the water.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Comes from Zaman, was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia.
So, we came with Italian seeds in southern Zambia. To this absolutely magnificent valley that descends into the Zambia River, and we teach local crop to grow Italian and healthy tomatoes ...
Of course, people were not interested at doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't get out.  We were astonished that the local ones, in so fragile Valley, they hadn't had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how you might not grow anything, we just said, "Thank God that we're here."  Just to save people from the hungry of the hungry."
And of course, everything in Africa was very simple.
We got these magnificent shots. In Italy, a tomato would grow this size. In Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the choices: "Look how easy the agriculture.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, marriage and red, at night about 200 we were applied from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the characteristics, "Oh my God, we hip them."
And the choices said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why don't they say that?"
I thought we only were the Italians we ate errors in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what English did, what English did, and then saw what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hyperboles.
You should see the waste --   you should see the waste that we get to the conditions of Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Hey Death of Damaging, a regular economy.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Take them out of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperative, color missions, and we treat people only two ways or pathogen, or we're paralyzed.
The two words come from the Latin Rate Randol, which means "Fred" the "fatal."
However, they mean two different things.
Paridy, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children, "I want to get a lot."
Panther, I treat everyone in a different culture as if they were my services.
So the whites in Africa are called "Boot," head.
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "The small is beautiful, I write by School, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be help, dolphins alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is breathing.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference, put a cane on the ground and said, can we be -- can you imagine a city that isn't nervous?
I decided at the age of 27, just responding to people, and I invented a system called Company Facebook where you never start nothing, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of the local passion, the service of local people who have sleep to become a better person.
So, what do you do? It shut up.
It comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the local.
We don't work from offices.
We met on a cafe -- we met in a pub.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find the knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we hear them, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never attack, and they'll never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity have identified with.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family family doctor of the company, the family family physician who set up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in hope, West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time, trying to get away from this confident garbage that we came to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 project projects, and the government came to see to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it?" I said, "I did something very, very, very difficult.
I stood up and listened to them.  So the government says, "Go back again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We have helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drake, one of the most great business adopters in history, died at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drake was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter Drake: "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative venture economy.
planning. planning.
So now you are rebuilding Christian without knowing what the most attractive people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up to talk to you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy, has to be great when you help them, and then you will be going on in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What do you show more this morning in the morning.
Passive local people. That's what you've applied.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial industrial revolution -- not renewable fossil -- and one point to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The train as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nutrient, curiosity, electronic, transportation, communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who is going to invent the technology for the green revolution -- the universities -- forget it."
The government? Forget it.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they are doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in 1860, this group came together with this group of people, and they speculate about what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was too: New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to move into the population of New York to around them, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were being advanced in grid.  So in 1860, they were doing this dirty technology that would open New York life.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States of the United States appeared 1951, automatically manufacturing companies 1951.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scans, scanners, factories in the crowded places.
Dead, Michigan. Henry Ford Henry.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them confidence.
Otherwise, you won't come to talk to you.
Then you have to offer you an absolute one, dedicated service service.
And eventually, you will have to tell you the truth with respect to enterprise.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you wish to sell has to be great, you have to count with a fantastic commitment, and you have to count with a great financial management.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can be done, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born yet.
We've been researching and looking at the 100 icons in the world of Carnegie world, Westerness, Edison Facebook, all the new companies, Google, Yahu.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: None of them was started by one person.
I never had the word "me," but the word "we "Well, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he began.
Nobody begins a company alone. Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have facilities, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee careers, in bars alongside their dedicated devices who will do for you, what somebody did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic, someone who will ask you, "What do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." Would I want you to look for anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've been trying to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automatics, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their applications?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes in the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds a relief with giant robots who give shadow to love, drunk and spiders for centuries and I trust a city.
That always gives the music --  -- there's a description in New Orleans.  The city has one of the world's most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the most abandoned number of American properties.
I live close to this house and thought about how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
Her death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a profound gratitude for the life of life.
He gave clarity to the meaningful things of my life today.
But I was going to make this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch through the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned on a giant slate and painted on it phrases to complete, "Before I died so."
So the transplants could take a chalk. reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day, the wall was filled and still concerned.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die, I want to be judged by parachutic."  Before I die, I want to sit on the bottle of destiny change."
"Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
"Before I die, I want to plant a tree."
"Before I die, I want to live outside the network."
"Before I die, I want to hug it once again."
"Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue.
"Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space was surrounded and dreams and hope of people made me laugh to crashes, destroyed me, and gave me comfort at hard moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and screening ways. It's about giving the reflection and the consciousness, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit, and now they have been done in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of discoveries, it's more important than ever, find ways to preserve perspective and remembering that life is brief.
The death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even think, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the death of climate our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single petition today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remember is 22 years old, it's high and very guilty.
It doesn't talk, but it makes better joy than some of the best speakers.
Remember knows what love is.
It shared it underwater to what happens.
It's not absolutely. I don't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences and think about it: Never sense.
When I sing the songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even remember me, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very guilty.
It has the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that every single song of my iPod came out of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, my arm in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopers and the birthday of Lady Garden.
It doesn't seem amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society of society, they are often ignored and uncomfortable.
But what drives my heart and strengthen my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them in the order, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those least familiar animals, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual in each individual in a different way, that Remondey is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed with a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that faster increases in the world, there is no cause or the cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to be in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I recorded a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it wasn't really interested in me at all.
He was living and retired in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars in row around the room, looking at the washing machine, and eat anything that would have between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the babys, frustration and intelligent hypertex, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without pressure, a human being that had never had any sense.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family, moments that I wish they were just like me.
But I look back at things that have taught me about individual, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
Now the narrative goes through the beauty that makes us differences, and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some of you are wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey a single thing to Remond and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autism or not, the differences that we have, are a dance." Each of us has a gift in their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normality.
The opportunity for grandmother, progress and change die at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit about what should have been Alice in the Mark of the Markets.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who would give a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Sustainable self-interest -- scared of these students with their great minds, their big books and their great and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations -- I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell down the rabbit and saw a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with the students. I was surprised by ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and care care of health, between others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sexy.
First question to say, and so what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't tell us just to study the relations, but they study the relations, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the spinals.
And when they're describing their science, careful with jargon.
Shame is an obstacle for our understanding of its ideas.
Sure, you can say "spectacular and temporary, but why not say space and time, which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible.
Instead, as Einstein said, which is all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they are ways to get hooked and excite with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget about balls of ball."
You've wondered why they're called balanced?"  What do bullets do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it is too supportive in the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this General Brown example is much more effective. It shows that the special structure of the robots is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower, which is really inspired.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase, legal, that the audience can understand whether it loses a little bit, and then provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and believe a deeper sense of understanding than it is described.
I think these are just some key keys that can help others open the door and look at the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they solve this equation, by all the media -- let me be simplified.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the dictionaries of the Oxford English Dictatorship is "Slider."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "Slider means "drawing politics."
Although there was a private editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A Shanghai is the one who seeks a public charge without matter party, platform.
I have no idea what it means to be replicator."
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't for example, for example, 1771 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliament camera.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the inspirational name of Brazil Creek, who confronted the Parliament in it.
They took him on the London Tower and they commissioned it, but he had the enough courage of dealing with them, and at the end he had such popular support in London who won it.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of use of the phrase that would be blood as metal."
Most of you think it's literature.
It's not. It's a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and politics interact -- I want you to go back to America, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence,
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions that might have frustrated.
Some of you wanted to call it "Harvest of State Washington, and other people, "Your alternative George Washington," and other Defenselt Debris Defensel Debate Defensel Americans.
Not very attractive.
Some of you just wanted to call it "Real."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And even with them were monumentally, they had the idea that you could be picked King for a certain term.
And I could have served it.
Everyone gets immensely confined, because this debate is promised for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor sentence, and I always wrote with this issue.
What caused the petron, and the story was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The Republic of Representatives didn't want Washington to be flexible about power.
They didn't want to call it Kenya for if he was giving him or his own ideas.
So, they wanted to give it the more modest and more intelligent and more reliable degree that they were happening.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title. There was a little bit before, but it only meant somebody who presented a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much bigger than the term "capital, or "supply."
There were lots of end programs of little colonial and government factories, but it really was a trial that was incredibly intelligent.
And so the Senate is open.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign trees and meet with foreign digits."
"And who will take seriously with a title as ridiculous and intelligent as President in the U.S.
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't know.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never referended the title of President.
President Barack Obama has enough to go on there, waiting for the Senate between in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says a measure is temporary --  -- it's possible that we keep waiting for 23 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is the most important thing, and I want to leave you with this -- is that the title of President of America doesn't sound at all.
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to display, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of non-state aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have taken the title of gravitations.
So at the end I won the Senate.
They got their talent of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of synchronization, well, it was a uniqueness at the time.
But do you know how many nations do you have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the Campase of Representatives lost because nobody is going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now the U.S. President now.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I would like to leave you with.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually the reality of the most more of the words than what they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under the land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the bridge of south bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that children's children and stones in primitive tools.
Like others, I take a cheap line of tiny light to the head with this glass land, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole of that hole that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
He reported my hand and suddenly remember a mining that I met days before, who lost control and fell underwater in that piece.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward and, often, dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're prey from slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition in the Peace Peace County.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a from "French the Southern The Solars, a NGOs that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I began to learn about slavery because I knew that existed in the world, but not to such grade.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad, honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this attraction of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a network and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of French the South States and offer my help.
It started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them, I even considered them my second home.
But this time, I would sell the dirty troops.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently more than 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced during the entire transatlantic slave train.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
However, today, you can visualize entire families by generations by sex degrees of 18.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false education promises and better work and then discover that they're forced to work without paying payment, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today slavery operates in trade, goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are disappointed.
slavery exists in almost everybody and, however, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick heroes.
This weird and formidable show was like entering ancient Egypt or the Deniation of Dan.
In a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up on a heavy dust heavy dust stack in their heads up to 18 at the time, and they take them from the hot furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Display by the monkeys and canary work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe destruction would make it quite intrinsically.
So penture was the heat and the dust that my camera was too hot, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the abstraction that I was at my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it."
And I explained to me very clearly that demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to rely on French the Solar and work within the system for their release and confidence that they would get it.
As far as me, wait to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Himalayas, I found children carrying rocks down for miles by mountains that were waiting at the bottom.
Those big plants were more heavy than the kids who charge them and children support them to their heads with roads made of palms, ropes and harmony.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so inspiring, but so meaningful?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been all their life.
They have nothing to compare with.
When these villagers were picked up their freedom, the slaves burn their houses.
As I heard the word slavery often we think about sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness I was reminded that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kentucky I was commissioned by women who had been previously sexual slaves.
And I was driven by a few analysis standards that would give this dirty basement, some fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a broccoli.
It was rather a restaurant.
Resulting as you know in the office, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms -- private rooms where the women standard with their girls and children, some of the only seven years are forced to engage the clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each place is dark and dirty, identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients.
On the program, I remember feeling a fear of an acute advertisement, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I just had a salt" store: the stairs where I came in.
There were no dead doors.
There were no windows enough for translator.
These people don't have a strategy, and because we touch such a difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery even the sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens for granted, but we don't see it.
Textiles are another activity that we often relate to with a slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were whole families in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are the father, the blue and the red, of their children.
They mix ink in these big bars and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My introduction told me his stories.
We don't have freedom," they said.
"We still hope, though, can be able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our job."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volver, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen family on a boat, two older brothers, some younger children, make sense of not?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their transitional families, disappeared and forced to work extended waters in these boats in the lake in the lake -- despite not knowing swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up to be shifting, it feared that his little canoe was excluded.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees that are used in Lake Volta often attract networks and children and phases and fear and fear of water to break the branches.
Many people are going.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love it's not going to flee and, like all life has been treated with creature, it's creatively treated to the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they were lifted up the last few networks, but they had been working from the one.
On the cold, windy night.
And you can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Korea.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter in which "Free the Solar State replaces victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be thanks to someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving a road in Ghana with the present partners of Freedom, an absolute partner with his motor suddenly accelerated and support our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it on a land to the jungle.
At the end of the way, he inspired us to get out of the car, and asked the driver to go out quickly.
And then I pointed out this seal just visible and said, "This is the way, this is the way. Go!
As we started to go down, we took the advantages that blocked the path and after walking about an hour, found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we went down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the synthetic path ended up openly in a clear one, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a soccer field, and everybody was full of screening workers.
A lot of women had children tied up to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking in water poisoned with mercury.
The marketing is used in the process of extraction.
These mines are enslaved in a point in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the piece they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, increased, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people carry heavy stone bags that then will be transported to another area where they would draw the stone so they can extract the gold.
First view, the site seems to be filled with strong men and violent men, but if we look closer at the margin we see other less lucky ones and also children.
They're all victims of lesions and diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this museum ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and transcendence in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When he died his father his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Manhattan inherit the debt of the uncle that forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked on the mines 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be automatically.
In addition to that, Mandela has tuberculosis, and doesn't even do that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream of being released and educated with local activists like French the Southern And is this kind of determination, face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to make testimony of them and do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other like human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines -- are from people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I happen to think about these so many beautiful people, married, I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images would wake up a force in those who see them, in people like you, and I hope that the force gets a fire, and that fire hits light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do mathematical math and there's a peculiar problem for who it does, we're like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm trying to try to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They delegate the virus virtues and the classroom dancers that we will see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial approach that can well have a genetic component of it.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Stirling who, in his time, was a virtuous band dance.
Over the last few years, it has been produced a lot in treatment.
However, there are 63 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness and talentes, regular and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and laser matrix.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other movements of the movement, there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a 20-year-old neurological test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of the clinical trials, they never have been done. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult trip to the clinic -- what if patients could do the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need personal people.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a conventional way to try to try to try to try to try it, you see, in a certain sense, are all virtuous as my friend Jane Stern.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as you speak sound up as you speak. We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the genes necessary. The Fox, for example.
And, like the ball, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about time that takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate up, and as the Parkinson's affects the limbs also affects vocal organs.
At the bottom, you can see an example of the irregular table from vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
It takes vocal tablet, weakness and robotics.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspired after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials -- well, they both are nonviolent.
The neurological test is not invisible. They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do them.
Both of them are accurate -- well, but also the tests based on voice are not specialized either.
I mean, they can be protected.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're minimum and we all know what happens.
When something acquired a cost so low, it appears to mass scale.
These are some amazing goals.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for routine resident.
With high frequency monitoring we could get objective data.
We could make massive recording from low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, failed failures at the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it is too late.
So when I give you the first steps in that sense, we're launching the vocal Initiative of the Parkinson's vocal Parkinson.
Together to Accompant and Pakistanis, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have local lines accessible to about 750 billion people in the world.
Anybody or without Parkinson's -- you can call it at low price and leave recordings for a few cents. And I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, can you say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What will you take from these shows?
Max Little: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to figure out whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MT: You see, some people can not pass it. You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the consumer factors to look for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MT: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thailand, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now he has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, what he accessible the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Now, November and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little Little Library.
MT: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographic portraits in New York City.
We are light creatures, gray.
We hide in darkness, in rooms without windows and, usually avoid sunlight.
We make the molecules even more detailed, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize ourselves in the press all the time, but some of us are really artificial with a lot of years of experience and a true taste.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was volunteer -- there was the place in the place working as part of the answer team.
I mean, with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't stand at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Cash.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the paradigm of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by wave, one of the first people.
The water level reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was delivered.
We take computers from channels and sands.
We clean schools -- we take the elbow and leave the houses ready to be renewable and reflected.
We take tons and tons of dead fish and strands of the local factory.
We looked at us and loved us.
For weeks, the volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cameras and streams Saudi.
They all did the same thing.
Bring them together and bring them to different places of villages around to get them.
It wasn't until I realized that these pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered with.
As they had the wave, and to save their lives, they had to leave absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village equation.
He helped clean the communal toilets, the enormous battery battery.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the action center picked up the photos.
They took them up and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was going to pass myself my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at pictures, I found some that had more than a hundred years old, and some of them were still at the top of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking as a path how to fix that trait and repair that trait and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I came into Facebook I contacted some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started to play the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strange, but where the water had documented the face of the girl I had to fix with a lot of precision and decision.
Otherwise, that girl would have no aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the photo strange.
At the end of the time, they got more photos and they needed more players, so it came into Facebook and Linus and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people willing to join together.
In Japan, in July, we mobilized Redwood, a neighboring village from the north of Mumbai.
Once a week, we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that they were trying to deliver them is a different story, depending on the description of photos.
It could involve an hour. It could be a few weeks.
It could make months.
This kilo had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures in salt water, bacteria, bacteria, with algae, even with oil -- all of that along with oil -- all of that together with the step of time continues to destroy them, so clean them in hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't play the picture unless it was clean, dry and would have been claimed by his owner.
We had luck with the head of hand.
We count the guide of an amazing neighbors.
It's very easy to hurt even more of the pictures of the damage.
As Johnson once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos.
He had started to wipe them up themselves, but he stopped when he realized the damage even more.
I also had doubles.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to reconstruct the images in a single picture and play the full picture.
When I picked up his pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of her husband found the pictures in a fire station between the shoes far from where he used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of closing the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the season was supported.
Their young children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
It took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed her photos his youngest son turned 14 years.
For her, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something that he could remember from the past that I would remember from the past that would not have been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined us to clean up more than 150,000 photos -- the vast majority -- the vast majority went back to hands of their dreams.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 families of completely restaurant pictures and recorded.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures of pictures.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted to.
They're guidances of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take us but the first thing we would look for.
This is about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this comes back to somebody, it is a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the accounts.
Some of them connected them with something larger, to return something, using their talent for something that won't be thin skin models.
In order to end up I'd like to read this email -- I sent it Cyrus the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was playing, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories showed in images.
One in particular -- a picture with women from different ages from grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, moved around a baby, and because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter recently born, hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, all the time our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Dick Eding inspired us awe and curiosity.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion or a trillion frames per second.
I introduce you a new kind of photographs, the feminist, a new technique that can create video in slow cameras of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or to see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser post and turn it up and turn into a billion second, or in a number of seconds, I will create a picture of pictures of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons -- that bullet -- travel to the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common bullet ball.
If you take that bullet and this piece of photons and shoot on this bottle, how do you disperse those photons inside this bottle.
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, this is all --   Remember that all of this happens in less than a nanoscale is what takes the light to travel.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't support this research.  They happen in a lot of things in this movie.
The pulse, our bullet comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to cross it, and that, inside, starts to get away.
Part of the light is struggled, goes to the table, and we start looking at these advertising.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection of the top -- you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several boxes, that the reflection is focus.
Now, if you take a common and common bullet and make it go the same distance and you see it in slow camera at about 10 billion times, how much you think it would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film -- from a slow bullet in motion.
And how about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are taken off the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, he thought, of a female seal, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time this tomato -- you will realize that, as the light gets away from the tomato -- it's still brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the bounce light in its inside and comes back after several billion.
In the future, when this feet is in its mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographer, you know, if you take a picture of a low exhibition -- it goes very little light.
But we're going to get a billion times faster than the shortest exposure -- so you can barely enter some light.
We sent that bullet -- that package of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very short synthesizer, we took those data gigabytes and we completely interact it to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a suicide future would allow him to see after the night?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, revelation, entering the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light robots.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, there's our feet.
Behind the wall there is a manifesta and we'll bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communism.
And a small fraction of the photons will return to the camera, but interestingly, slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our feet, it has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporary resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture of a criticism, that you see on the screen, it really doesn't make any sense.
But we will take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we will put them together and try to analyze the multiple lights of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what is back to the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build expressions able to see the inside of the body holding outcomes, and the same thing for cartoons.
But, of course, because of tissue and blood -- this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a question to scientists so that you start thinking about the physics as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of psychology in health of the next generation.
Just like Dick Einstein, himself, a scientist, turned the science into art, an art of underestimated photographs.
I realized that all of the gigantic data girls that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves. Remember, time between each one of those waves is just a few billion.
But this is also a funny thing.
If you look at the waves under the taboo -- these are getting away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we are recording almost at the speed of light, we have weird effects.
The order in which events are happening in the world sometimes shows up in the camera.
By applying the corresponding information of space and time, we can correct this disease.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile cell can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it back to South American and make it famous.
All of this is possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a child from 1984 and living in Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989, and imagine if all these people who are meeting that protest for a change, had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who from the present have a cell phone here?
Celebrate them.
Raise your mobile phones, send them up."
Take them up. A Androidans, a Blackpropping, wow!
It's a lot. Almost everyone has a mobile phone.
But I'm going to talk to you today about me, from my cell phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
International data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The Department of Decent Data.
This director says that every European phone company -- every Internet program across Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who, who sends an email to.
Who sends a text.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored by at least six months, and even two years, in his phone company or their Internet progress.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this detection of data.
We want the power in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone phone to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people who went out to the streets of Berlin, and they said, "Liberty, I don't fear.
And some even said that this would be the State 2.0.
The Stanford was the secret police of the East Germany.
And I was asked if this works really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone, Detrol TV, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I came back to ask you, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah -- blah, blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a lawsuit demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Detrol Telegame said no, we won't give you this information.
We finally signed an agreement.
They would remove the demand and they sent me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Turkey failed the income for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly ugly with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
It brings up and five thousand dollars of information.
At first, I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit sculpture: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I step at night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what retrieval means.
So, next to Keith Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and zoom back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Franklin in train to colony, and what frequency I call in the track.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives you a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate to each other to what time you call each other, which time you sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who send you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Stanford had known who involved in this protest, and if the Stanford had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And as a result, neither of the Golden Cortex.
Because the state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible in and out of the web.
They want to have the chance to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But the power and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not a fashion.
When you go home, give you your representatives that just because business and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time they use their mobile phones to remember that they have to fight for the power in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDTalk, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDTalk, what happens?
I call me Massachusetts Zachinda and I'm not wrong, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, assisting the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral paradoxical, so all the time.
Look.
It's alcohol.
and Muhammad Ali.
The P. C is not genetics.
It's not song or can be controlled.
Nobody melts the uterus of my mother and I didn't run it because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be disconnected.
Let's go from the ride.
Nameless sands, are you in the shopping center, drive in circles for parking parking and what you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little bit discussive?"
In addition, I say, I have 99 problems, and the P. C is just one of them.
There was a spider of oppression -- I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian and Muslim, a woman, disabled and living in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Chicago, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood, and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "No People."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it -- dancing sand."
If my three older sisters. I was cleaning.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were demonstrating the school system, and they would make sure that I was also out there, and if we didn't take out all of the maximum grade, we all had my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years by putting my heel on his feet and just walking in.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that he would do it.
The support that I take inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the infinite garden was walking like a cup camp that has received a lot of beats.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and they were all of the family.
There are now 20 Arabs now, and they continue to be everybody in the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think appropriate to use "Materia, as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot about a hunger for rambers.
I was telling you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating, so I would have to be able to address the dawn as it accessible is very easy.
I danced in Brooklyn.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tanks, or I can walk with heels.
I am from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends used tattoos, I as well.
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the Jersey coast, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Malause.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to save me, so I drink a child milk -- put me warm on the back, I immersed me in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned me my eyes and I thought, "Wow, it work."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga it was a self-desertification comedian that I couldn't stand on a foot beat.
And now I can hold on my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the general hospital television.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the E.U., University of the state of Arizona, because it was in all the countries.
It was like the pet lunch of the theater department.
Everyone loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classroom, and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene of the crystal zoo my teachers would cry.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the E.U. decided to do a piece called Danish very slow in Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with cerebral parachutes.
I was a girl with cerebral parasitics.
So I started screaming the four winds, "Please have a role.
I have cerebral paralysis."
The fine fine." At the end of the finger."
Thank God posted, I am finally, free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him Shriney Brown.
I went to increase the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, and ask him why and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts either, I can't do the character."
It was a role for which he literally was born and gave it to an actress without brain parachutes.
College was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a system of hearing actors without disability for disabled paper.
When I graduated home, I came home, and my first airplane was like a television in a telephone.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be stuck of company, "more called carbon, in a sanitation.
Instead, I was there as a vase -- I didn't see me more than the neck, and it was obvious for me that the game directors were not hiring good actors, not white actors, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Wolfram Gold, Rosetia Barry, Ellisa, and all these women had one thing in common: they were computers.
So I made a humor.
In my first tour, I took famous cartoons from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comic that led when I fell into the account that I was going high speed by the New Jersey student with a driver that had cerebral parachutes.
I worked on clubs all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and ship.
Some people say that I'm the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to pick up the first place, but I know you never heard that little disgusting rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York City Festival in New York, now in her 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in media and to remind the directions of the report that subtracting and Arabic are not sincered.
To get Arabs to be much easier than fighting the challenge of the disability of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went like invited to the cable news program.
I walked into a graduate dance, they dragged me into a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?"
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two two ...
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the teacher's desk to not go out of the screen during the sense, and when I finished the interview, I was pulled.
At the end, I had my opportunity and declined it. I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not just Mr. Arrob came back to invite me, but it was like a complete time and pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Rubin was that people on the Internet are Scotland.
It is said that children are cruel -- but they never became burned from me or a girl or a bigger.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a brick object.
I saw online clips with comments like, "Why do you take the temporal?"
"Is it steering?"
And my favorite favorite enough enough.
What disease does it have?
We really should be praying for it."
A commentary suggested even that I added my disability to my current current -- guard, double, paralyzed.
Discipline is as visual as race.
If somebody in the wheelchair can't make Benjamin, then Bengalin can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disabled ones are the -- yeah, clap -- man. Come on.
Disconnected is the largest minority in the world, and the most consumed in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said it wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with the media, I don't think it was it.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Perhaps if there were more positive images, that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My tourist trip has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk by the red carpet flat by the drink of the telephone Susan Lick and the Voyager Arabic Allegie.
I came to act on a film with Adam Sandi and working with my pain, the incredible Dave Matthews.
It would take the world by saying, "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was delicate at the big state of New Jersey in the CEO of 2008.
And I founded "The Children of May, a charity to give children the Palestinian refugees a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me act live, and I dedicated this talk to her memory.
Paul in peace, paper.
I call me Massachusetts Zacaban, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know their name, but I know their story.
He lives in a little town to the South Samla.
This village is near Monopanne.
The droughts is transported to poverty and the edge of innovation.
Without anything for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Monopanness, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there is no opportunity, no work, no future.
He ended up living in a tent in the city to the outskirts of Monopanne.
After maybe a year, nothing.
A day is about a gentleman who offers her to bring it to lunch, after dinner, to disturbate.
He knows a group of people who have a decomposition of people.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to your family.
You present a young guy.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Monosala, under a blue sky.
That child from that little town with dreams of the great city was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shake, a terrorist organization connected with the Qaeda.
So how did the story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end up with him improving?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing that took it out of what we call "the waiting period.
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marketed, young urban urban people who are described in the Robothements in Jonas, who are described by riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the period of waiting."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of city is the opportunity of the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but the young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people who live in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunity, the story of the "dream period, the door of access to terror, to violence, to the screens, will be the story of two cities.
And in my birth of birth, Monopanne, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They do virtually nothing.
I went back to Monopan last month, and I went to visit the Middle hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being at that hospital to the balloon hospital thinking, and if I would never have gone?
What if I'd been forced to be in that same period of waiting?"
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Monica that month was actually to alter a few juvenile leaders in a corporate room.
I met about 90 Somali leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adventure.
He went to the University of Monopanne, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, it was the perfect white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recycled.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Monopanneh, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
And he saw an opportunity and it took it.
He started a motorcycle company.
He started reconstructing motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this story different?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the corporate spirit -- and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the period of waiting."
I give young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately so desperately looking at it.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings Monomb, Mohammadd Mohamuddi, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate entrepreneurship.
In fact, it's the first flower that Monica has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Moham came in, if you wanted flowers to your wedding.
If you asked somebody, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers.
For those of you who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, Never.
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of passing passing and design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Monosala, and he started growing Taliban and little bits, and as he said, they could survive the hard climate of Monopanne.
And he started the delivery of flowers for brothers, creating gardens in the homes, and the city companies, and now he's working on the creation of the first public park of Monopan in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Monica.
It wants to create a space where the families, the young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the proverbial pink robots.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in young people.
They've never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for the government, but their story, his innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
He encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, which might be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that the city faces.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and create a corporate spirit culture is really a great step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put on their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, bring the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, corporate spirit is more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Moore is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Her Peace Park, that's how it calls it, when he's created, it will transform the way people see their city.
They hate the street children to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paradigm of the waiting.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is to become the young people in entrepreneurs -- they come up and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories on flowers and Parkinson's paradoxes that business and "dream periods."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adam Mountains -- an area addicted north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest.
The sun made the leaves glow as a vital, and not to be the way we go, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to spend that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a corporate in a risk with view to a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the corporate there was a barrier, about four square feet with apple hearts and aluminum paper balls and old shoes.
And I was announced, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The computers that were too lazy to get out what they had brought in, who thought that was going to clean their baseball?
That question went on with me, and it felt a little bit.
Who cleans our business?
No matter how you organize or where you put the our out, who clean our trash in Star" in Star" in Star" when you clean our trash in Star" who cleans?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris, or London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health cleans our trash -- at the reason of 11,000 tons of waste and two tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in offices and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interesting.
I needed to go further.
So I started working as a trash collector.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I covered them.
And I operated the mechanical shoes and bar the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everyone asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictive as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong to be used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept taking off the weight of taking their bodies on their body tons every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Global Statistics Office -- the collection of waste is one of the most dangerous buildings in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and go into the traffic all day and go back around you.
They just want to spend, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers that often fall out of the road and produce terrible damage.
I also learned about the implication of garbage.
When you get out of the current and you see a city from the back of the road, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
He never stopped coming up.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It must always be moving.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think waste collections are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first protection of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective form every day, this starts to deliver your contents and your inherent dangers are threatened in very real ways.
Diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to hurt us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we have no space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when the consumption is.
I'm not advocating by capitalism, just sign its relationship.
And then there's what I call our average average speed necessary.
With that, I just mean the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't care about it, we don't represent, we clean or take with us our coffee cup -- our markets market, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there is a work force on the other side that will be completed from it.
So today, I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost limb.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us to save ourselves from ourselves, from our own waste, our dances, and that flow must always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the group of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and dropped the stairs running around, and there was a man making his paper recycled as he did all the microscopes.
And I tried to thank him to do his work that day in particular, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just associated, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be good."
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection and I went back to see that man.
It's called Pakistan, we worked together so many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as we have to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost in the labor of labor.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about base, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one that you see someone whose job is to clean the trash of you, it takes a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from local conditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping center of several stories in the Ethiopia capital -- Addis Abook.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design to.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out running."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city, so we realized that there are three important aspects to restore.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crime with crystal generates heat in the inside, so it is necessary to a lot of cooling for it.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for the whole year.
And third, it has nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia.
It's a shame by trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it really was captured with the ancient market, which is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small servers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced by inspiring the site, which is located in a very growing area of the city, where a lot of the buildings we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, linking all the inputs of the building.
And this extends with a respected atrium, which creates a space to the open air in the building that is researched, by its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to an ant card with perfections to allow the air entrance to allow the air into the air, but also the light, but in a filtered way.
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the estimates.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facial.
We're building that with these little predator pieces that are the windows that let the air go and light in a way controlled to the inside of the building.
This is all about these little colored crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a shopping center. It wasn't what we ask.
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the shopping center because they had more local people to sell them.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy protection for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the ceiling as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars creating this urban oasis.
And these painters on the roof, which actually collect water for the healthcare of the inside.
It was expected for principles of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the greatest project I ever designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 very similar initial blocks in size and features that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards of Europe.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the small cell of the project, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's north, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we support a scheme that makes sure that most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these babies with papers, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for the pedestrians to the penguins.
And it also responds to local norms that have greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like retrictive to the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can climb up and socialize, and do activities like running a two miles race, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people changes the communities and economic economies at the same rate as buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little pencil store, slightly strange for the state capitals -- very good for going.
I ended up that year, and I was full of things, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I was a time after the school, and I was a little bit late and hid me in the girls.
When the cost was slower, I went out, I walked into the classroom, took the table of my teacher the book of calls.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some of it.
All of the standards.  And I went back to the book to the box, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So, in a frogs, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of you out of Man and myself a row of this, just to be there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came in.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all desperately obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I was struck by the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for going.
I was intrigued by links.
They're so mysterious and so penguin.
We know that babies suffer from links.
Also, the primates. The blue birds are very property.
We know that hairs are the number one cause of school killings in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that adds the loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab in which links are studied in all of their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no hair, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helicologist infinite, no "Disney."
There would be no hair, or "The 1,000 and a night."
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the lists of high school, because we would be losing "The Rush and the Force, there would be no "Gates: "No "Charter" or "Dawnsand."
Without chest, there's no Professor. I know it's fashionable to say that he has the answers for everything, and, in terms of jealousy, almost they all have them.
This year they turned 100 years of their masterpiece, "In looking for lost time, the most exotic study of sexual lobes, and also the ordinary compassion, the mine, everything we could have.  And thinking about Protester, we have the single details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a smallpox moisture in you of laptop.
We forgot about how hard that image is.
We forgot how implication it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia World said they were as hard as cat triple.
I don't know what cat triple, but we assume it's supernova.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the balls and the programs.
Is it going to be very obvious like the talents, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their imperatives, are a good narrative forest?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel lighters.
When we feel lights, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time and the audience, we know exactly what details to include to raise the knife -- right?
The links make us all advanced novels, and that's something that I understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And he starts telling himself that story, and since then, Protester says that every fresh love that San detects in his lover -- add it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that San and Prosthetic, they were notoriously clean.
You know, Progress soils would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so clear to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The links are alcoholis.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the children?
The links are fed from information.
The lights use the details.
The balls like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small steps of pencils ...
The links are nutrient from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  I borrow the academic language with the one of the links.
When San is in his tail agent, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe to the services of his lover -- then he defending those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is replication, but it's not different to the interpretation of an ancient text or to look at a monitor."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Progress is trying to show that the links are intelligent and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they're search for knowledge -- the truth of truth, a painful truth, in fact, to Project consciousness, the more painful.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of Prosthetic.
He says, "A woman who we need, who makes us suffer in us a much deeper range of feelings and vital men than a wise man who can be interested in interest."
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women.
No, I think it's trying to say that the links reveal us ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion revealed us our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such a perfect intensity?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very inclusive young man who was consumed with the idea that her woman was fooled.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife was.
So she was innocent. Everyone knew it.
The poor creature was under suspect without any cause.
But he was looking for things that his wife did without realizing invasion behaviors.
Does it smile too much, or accidentally rich with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the consumption of his wife.
novels are very good at this.
The novel people describe very well how bonds make us look with intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the bonds lead us to make violent acts or illegal.
The links propelled us to behave in completely imaginated ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
An age of Michael of 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook since the visual messages were sent to itself, for a year.
For a year. A whole year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of her former boyfriend -- I have to confess that when or this, they reacted with admiration to you.
Because, let's be realistic.
How big enough, even though defensed, creativity. Right?
It's like novel novel.
It was like a novel of Patrick Higgs.
Himalayas is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "Territorials in a train and "The Talenton Mr. Rippland, books that are trying to do the jealousy, and once we are in the sphere, and once we're in the sphere, in the restaurant kingdom, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be perfect in an instant.
Take Tom Richard, his most famous character.
Tom Ridley is going to want or want what you have to take away from your self and get away from what you ever had, and it's under the floor, respond to your name, take your rings, empty your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Tom Ripper route.
I can't give you Mo to the world, as much as I'd like to like.
It's a slave, because we live in the investment times.
We live in flash times.
That is, are we good citizens of social media, where the currency is the survivor? Right?
The novels show us the salt" -- I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they are a mystery.
Let's go to 2114 at Balkan Street and asked by Sharman Hollywoods.
When people think about Hollywood, think about the male market at Professor Morani, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred the inspiration of September, the head of Saturday Street from Scott Mary that needs Hollywood desperately needs the Hollywood genius -- but he bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar to me.
Lester needs his help, but the response and bubble bubble on the fall of the mission.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Six Nations Avenue, once you go into the Six Nations, it includes all of you with your solution, Lester comes back to Hollywoods and says, "We're not jealous and Mr. Hollywoods.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him there is no person at School Mary who would not want to shake my hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Dutch transplant in history. I think this is very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat links as a geometry problem, no emotion.
You know, in a minute Netherlands it's on the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute is the same side.
Suddenly Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being he the respect.
Could it be so simple.
What if the bonds are actually a genome issue -- just a question where we can be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to worry about the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the continent plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction for us.
Only fiction delivered the links.
The fiction alone is the dominances, the invites on the table.
And look at what I accompany: the Lester Square, the lander Tom Ripper, the south Santa, the same Marcel Proud.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the matter of Apollo 11 and ended up on the Martin Sea.
Armstrong and Global were alone, but their presence on the surface gray wine was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest mobility in peace times in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars from today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People died in the apple of Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doug walked on their surface, which Alexander after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot of back -- 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would be stuck later on, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why did they go? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962, they give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy some ask, why the moon the moon.
Why turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why would you climb the highest mountain.
35 years ago, why will you fly on the Atlantic.
Why is Rice playing against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pontoin: For the contemporary, the Apollo wasn't just a victory from the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the most strong emotion was to wonder to the transparency of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to be able to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological stories.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police was eradicated and removed the smallpox.
The technology seemed to have what Alvin Harbor in 1970, called acceleration "deal."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a sailing boat -- but in 1969, the phone crew the Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles / hour.
Since 1970, no human being has returned to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the apple of Apollo 10, and the joy of optimism on the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that the technology would solve as to go to Mars, create a clean energy, to cure cancer, or feeding the world population seem to have interesting results.
I remember seeing the apple of Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that you don't look at the escape tube called the Saturn Vietnam.
I knew that this would be the last moon, but I was completely sure that I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that somehow happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard that for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies would have been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that speed up automated selling selling.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the great problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a parallel explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel finally, Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culpin, concrete, the incentives that venture capitalists offer to business.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It really explains what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were at their legal point without worrying about risk, they preferred little investments that could go in 10 years.
The CIA has always had problems to invest with the benefits of technologies as energy, which need huge capital and whose development is in the long term. They've never invested in the developing technology development to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep.
Sometimes we chose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
Let's not go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the global energy consumption of renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biomaterials. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biomass.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists are according to what policy and international treaties would increase the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal.
But there's no hope in the political climate climate that we will see an energy policy in America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, they turn out not to be.
We know from the time that famine is a result of failure in food play.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis.
Technology can improve things like the harvest, or the systems for the storage and the food, but there will be hunger while there are bad government.
Finally, big problems sometimes choose a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer -- some terrible residents to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present -- the political leaders and the population should want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, it should really be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve great problems -- I mean, with those criteria.
But it's an unpredictable model in the future.
We're not in 1967.
There is no generous competition as in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy that makes the hard and the dangerous thing, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon it turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, it wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't care about challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start to remind you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become clicks of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a concern: there has been a great decrease of trust, it's a very pervasive belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task has been interested.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, I remember, why do people think trust has displaced?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I focus on thinking that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and might have increased others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to the opinion polls and opinion polls are supposed to be the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who are distressed 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same description.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago, they continue to be pretty reliable -- judges.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway on the road.
But is this enough?
What opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you get?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when certain questions.
Does it trust the politicians in the mass?
Now, if somebody would ask you, "Do you get "Counters?
You trust the fishermen?
You trust the primary teachers?
You probably started to ask, to do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some of you, but in other not."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deploy trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of office, works or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, saying I trust a certain primary teacher I know to give the kind of reading class, but in any way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver of device.
I could rely on my best friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe, to get a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract.
I think that polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to obvious the good judgment to the fact that we trust something or in somebody.
Secondly, what happens to the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would preserve.
I would point out to have more trust in what is a consumer dead, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a particular not to trust what is not reliable.
And I believe that those people who deployed their savings with the very rarely named Mr. Maduisa, who then disappeared with them, I think in them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident, I think.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Deposited trust or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, you say, yes, okay, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What this is about is making a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain ways.
And I think that to be able to do a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest. Are they responsible?
And if you find that one person is competitive in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they are not responsible for it, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very glad to say that I think I don't have many friends that are competitive and responsible but extremely distributed.
If it's like this, I haven't been stuck.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness. The trustworthiness.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've been trying to build feedback systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, which made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper that will take the boat in yes."
And we found the same problem in all of our public and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness.
What they do is they do the work of people who have to make hard tasks, like the parts of it, demanding them to "Get the sandwiches," as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, all of that, by target.
I think the goal should be more confidence, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we're going to convey the people that we're reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, functional or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes that don't do properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, it puts things into the other.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, it's distinctive because we get them other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough based for you to trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive you, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to have a federal evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, does the common people, the officials -- the institutions -- very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can bring them back without giving any explanation.
I take them back and give me the money, or they change them by the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're pointing is not really hard to discuss.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been striving to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the screen of the screen where the imagination can be discovered.
This separation has been reducing, increasingly and more and more, to such point that it is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tattoo screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there was no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
It first created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong oil against the screen transfers its physical body to pedal.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers, you know.
But the two hands are still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using the whole dexterity of the hands?
In the division of Microsoft Applications, along with my mentor Cata Bond, I brought the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital work.
combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, you can get inside of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, to select them as easy as to grab a book from a story.
You can run the book and take lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that there is on the bottom of every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with the hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the paper and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and turn things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual protest on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or translation when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them up?
What would be a future like this?
In the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Islamic and my collaborator Remond Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spiritual magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simplificated, what we did was we announced gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical action and detectors.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay in the physical world.
You can teach you physically and at the distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, the physics, and unlike the monitor or the textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but start to act directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a giant for two years in Hunting, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to give me a school for athletes with all the payment spending.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believe that there was only a brain to happiness, a safe job and remotely.
No matter whether the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start to train from very young to learn the activists, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I even wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adult hit the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends would support me, but they were kids, no authority like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much more to train.
My dream would never be done.
Too, that during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to look for another vocabulary.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
He went back to books.
(Audience boards, from Santa Charles Charles Charity" -- "Can I have the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
The people who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese copying life.
And it's not convenient propaganda. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but it's strange.
That's a theme for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation: "Handbard your father and your mother."
"Hey, I said, "It's so different, and much better than obey it."
So it became my tool to come out of this confused guilt trap.
The encounter with a new culture also gave rise to my collective reading habit.
It's a lot of perspective.
For example, at first this map seemed to me out of place, because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassionate reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There is to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contract, offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can try to get people from Band Francisco, by Walter Island, by David McCartola who were involved in a same house, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, politics and spiritual.
For the Buddha -- they are all psychologically, turns, fear and social story -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Cameron Traged Tower Camera Camera Camera Institute instead of losing the translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "happiness in Chinese literally means "blood joy.
And "Generation in Chinese, literally means new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to go back to myself or powerless again.
Having a destiny dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that the fact is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness.
To a destiny dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, that I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first chopracture of psychotherapy.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology, in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using gaps and a hole hole, he threw on the couch of my office and he told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so appropriately.
My class company had a pill as a first client camera.
And I took a song that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the short stories that Alex brought to the sessions, he made me easy just to move my head while we removed the solution.
"The tribes are the new ventures, he said Alex, and what I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you have children later, until death happens later.
For veterinarians like Alex and I had time to go.
But shortly after, my supermarket introduced me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Of course, he's coming out with guys under your category, you get up with a hollow head, but it's not like you're marrying it."
And then my supermarket said, "Not yet, but maybe it married the next one.
Also, the best moment to work in the marriage of Alex is before it goes.
This is what psychologists call a "John moment.
It was when I realized that the '60s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to be used after what they used to, but it didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negative was a real problem and had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, families and future vents everywhere.
There are 50 million vehicles in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one gets to adult without going through the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the windows here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with seals, you love a ventilate, you take off your dream a venture, I want to see -- it's good. Imagine, the feedback really matters.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Ah, which shape his life will have happened to when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40 -- don't go into the panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they win.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20 and a half of the adult, which means that if there is something you want to change from yourself, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its tone at the age of 28, and things become complicated at 35 at 35 things.
The 20 are time to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which their daily and common life has a desperate impact on the person who will become the person.
But what we don't really hear is that there's something called adult development, and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the vessels are listening.
newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists are taking names of the vegetables like "The Twins and "Hights."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial thing that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berkeley said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you give a pill on your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?"
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and absolutely nothing.
And then every day, you know, smart, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say, "I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a race before 30, everything will be good."
But then it starts to sound like this: "My 20 are to finish and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better rural the day than graduate medical college."
And then he starts to sound like this: "My dates during the 20 were like the chairs.
They all run up and get fun, but then at some point about 30, they turned out the music and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be stop, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30.
Where are the windows here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the tribes and so many of you will start a career, pick a city, pick a mate, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not compassionate, and there are research that you start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the age of 30.
The average age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of trips and contrast looks like themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the vessels are doing and thinking.
Here is a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because she was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work on art or entertainment, but I still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a message.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend that showed more temperatures than ambition.
And even though about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even more difficult.
He was often crying in our sessions, but then she was lifted by her by saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried for almost all the hour.
I had just bought a new book for director, and I had spent all morning reading with her many contacts, but then he was watching the empty space that followed after the words "In Emergency -- please call it "to "A Prover."
I was at the point when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who's going to take care of if you give me cancer?"
At that point, I was a lot of work to resist and say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a temperature that was really worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was their opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decent decade of Emma was in front of it.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that every sentence, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget about that idea of identity and to get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean to do something that adds up value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emmanuel career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that interest, of that company that you want to try.
I'm not cutting the exploration of it, I'm wasting the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's profit.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell you.
Secondly, I told Emma that urban tribes are surrounded.
The best friends are great to take the airport to the airport, but the vessels who are joining with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what you know, how you think, how you talk, and where you work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person to go out almost always comes from outside of its closest circle.
The new things come from what's called weak blogs of friends from their friends.
Yes, half of the vegetables have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way that we can be collaborating to this group.
Half of the working jobs are never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a non-lethal job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not less important, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a sea, Emma soon elected his family, when he has a partner and form her own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
You may think that the 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live right now, or you get stuck now when everyone on Facebook start walking towards the alternative is not progress.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being as intentional in love as you are at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever wind you to you.
So what about Emma?
Well, we looked at that principal, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped me get a job there.
That piece of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's a special organization of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose constantly.
I love his new career, love his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with seals.
It's very easy to help you.
The vegetables are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles airport that go somewhere in the west.
Just before the deck, a slight fits in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Father.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even at 29, a good conversation, a good descendant, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generations.
This is my idea about spreading all the vessels they know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
This is what I have the privilege of telling people like Emma every day, and the tribes are not the new 20 percent, they take their adulthood, they get identity capital, they use their weak bond, they pick your family.
They don't let them define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in the corporate consulting for a job that was even more emerging: doctor.
I went to show you math students in the public schools in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied exams.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, they calculated the grades.
What struck me was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and worst students.
Some of the people who had a better performance didn't have Chicago stories.
Some of my smartest children were not getting so good.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, secure secure: proportions, decline, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible and was very convinced that each one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years more of a day, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way.
But what if you succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn very quickly and easy.
So I left the classrooms, and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenario, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military West Pole.
We try to predict what careers would stay in military training and who would get apart.
We went to the National Commission of Detail, and we tried to predict what children are going to advance the farthest possible in competition.
We studied novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking ourselves what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school and school year and who will be the most effective to improve the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, which of these marketers are going to keep their job for work?
And who is going to win more money?
In all of these very different contexts, a feature emerged as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and it wasn't the C.
It was the determination.
The determination is passion and persistence to achieve very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to its future, day after day, not only for the week, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in Chicago public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students to make my detection questions and then wait about over a year to see who they graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly higher likelihood likely to graduate -- even when the workers in every feature I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only at West Point or at the National Commission of Detroit in which the determination is also in school, especially for children at risk to abandon them.
For me, the most important thing about determination is how little we know, how little that science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach children an ethical work of work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long short?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that just don't continue to go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, determination is constantly not related or even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called "growth mentality."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Dark, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not finish, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Dark has shown that when children read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge, they are much more likely to think about when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure whether they have been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all again with the lessons learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as a cheap, one of my most advanced memories is my mother showing me the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a abroad, it seems to be as inherent as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can remove this wall, so that what I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant signals, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
You open up your mouth as much as possible until you're square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
People person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides -- as if I was screaming a cold, "Actually," I am being ready -- this symbol is actually original in the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple of door doors in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks so that they believe many more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's going to be going."
As the old said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person broke his arms, this person is saying it was like this big."
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner just like Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
They put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot."  Easy to remember, because a paradigm tree is pretty idiot.
Do you remember fire?
Two fires together, it becomes very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burned.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, printed.
Three together, those are slopes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Was there anybody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, sleeping, getting around.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care.
So we've gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters -- which is the same as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characteristics, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mouth of fire. It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the nation.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains piled up on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese employers destroyed their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the test has become out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a supply.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and lower from the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies that I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Giant, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand, and take a magic wand, right?
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of conclusion of child fantasy spectrums.
The Oz magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a few years later with courtly, another film whose prototypes, a metal kid and a pillar kid rescued a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like beautiful.
But I think if the Olevil magician did today, the magician would say, Dork, you're the Open Salaman as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated military military military.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing in the Open magician is that the most heroic characters, wise and even villagers are women.
I started to notice this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a son.
Only three years.
It wasn't invited to projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the survival level had gone down.  And so he woke up in the room and he was impressed as a mom left with his patents behind it, and I didn't think he understood what was going on, but indicated, indeed, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would you be a value of value, perfection and leading?
Would you feel that Luke is one to an army to defeat the government?
Compare this with the Open Magic of 1939.
How do I win Down his film?
And doing good measures with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up with, right? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital force and force in movies for our children, and so little on the way of yellow slavery?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this story.
I know for experience that the Leid princess didn't provide the right framework that I would have served to navigate the world of adults who is microscopic.  I think at the time of the first kiss I really expected to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the volume and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and to defend Disney Princess to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they are not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend girls how to defend the patriot, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarch.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely as Herman and Kats, but they don't stop being a war of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to be classical after classical school, each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and her son, or two men who created a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, eventually warmer came out.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what critical said when worth Valver?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them."
Well, almost none of these movies happens to be the Balkan test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet been struck and already spread now, but maybe today we'll start a movement.
Alan Battle is a comic drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend on the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you should do: in the movie, there's more than a female character who has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the film?
Your conversations are about something more of the kid that you like it?  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good film, Arise.
Right? Our richest Rumoratons success success -- an idea of what's a Hollywood movie of quality.
Virtually not the Balley test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women hide during the residents of the repertomens.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this content, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "Do you come to bed, card?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the most popular movies, how many of them think they have female prototypes?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women who have recently chosen for Congress, then is fine.
But there's a greater number than this one that is going to decide this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it has been sexually assaulted ever in his life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't believe that the videos of music or pornography are closely linked to, but something really bad, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is there is a lot of sexual aggressions.
Who are those guys -- what are they learning for?
What do you can't learn to?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the volume with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we accepted that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our willingness as a power of power, and we hope that it will help, but I have to ask you, surround power is going to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively active, we're educating our children to keep their magnetic power?
I mean, I think Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I really mean parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of manufacturing is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the asset.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of Star Wars know what he responded?
Obama.
Obama Kennedy and Giant.
What do these two people have in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress of it.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love sharing their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which my child is told to my son, and I find and struggle with only and more stories where his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people to improve and be better people, like Oliver magic.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I was most like was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that it would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying Electricity, I realized that I saw with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of nearly 2,000 miles long.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to look another way.
So I want to show you one example of how different we see when we use infrared infrastructure.
This is a place that is located in the East East of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, to the naked eye, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and we process it by using false color, suddenly the place is seen as bright clothing.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and activities.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Islamic, lost for thousands of years.
Up was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that USB was located somewhere near the pyramid of the two kings that built them, indicate inside the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge alpha planning.
This area is enormous, it's about six miles per mile.
Before, the Nile fluid right on the side of the Island, and as it changed over time, he was moved into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a securited city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it randomly would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a parachute, with the eyes sold and using baseball guides.
So, we use NASA U.N. data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flowers.
But you can see more despairing, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, that we think could be the location of Isaac.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs, you can see it here.
When I say search, it's like the sample taxes in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we find layers of human busy.
Five feet down, under a thick layer of reality, we found a dense layer of change objects.
This means that in this possible location of Islamic, five feet down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that make the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Islamic.
We also found working jobs too, coral and catalog and catalog -- which shows that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that demonstrates that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Islamic here, but we'll go back to the place in a nearby future to localize it.
And even more important, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also perform great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire -- he probably was written at Islamic 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is the biggest of all vocabularies.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to that, TED was not founded by 1984, D.C.
And it really started in 1984 at C, in a lost city not for a long time and found from the top.
It certainly puts the pursuit of sea shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the door color, to the material that it's done.
Now visualize a group of neighborhood neighborhoods in bicycle.
They're competing in a normal bicycle race and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to see this really.
They're strangeling strong, they're sweating, they go out a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bikes, flying all over the place, wheels that go on the side, rays out of the wheels that end up in absurd places -- they put the door out of the door.
On the lobby, to the hall, or whatever you have on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of the light, the light shining on the Mosalge Monterey.
She's waving them with the hand.
From their chair, on a brown horse of his chair.
It's a horse that speaks to it.
You can feel your blue pen by making them classified in the nose.
You can smell the adventure cookie and you're about to get in the mouth.
They go on one side and enter their living room.
So in the room, and making a maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Springs.
It's with a little clothes, dancing on his center table, singing "Health Merce Bang Boy Time."
Now join the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow headline path and from the oven comes to you Dork, the Hong of Albrea, the Spanish and the Lee of October, helicopter in the hands, jumping down to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States "The United States."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping that this was like the end of a supermarket support.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a deck of names.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Coke who had come from England, and he has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "Hey, when you realized that you were a kiss" you?"
Ed said, "I am not a kiss.
Actually, I have an average memory.
All of those who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained to perform these miracles, using some ancient techniques, invented by 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Circulators used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "You know. How did I have heard of this before?
We were standing outside the competition room, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- although a little bit exclusive, he said, "Josh, you are an American journalist.
Do you know Britney September?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I would like to teach Britney Spades how to memorize order in a live name card, on national TV.
That would prove the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Springs, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start with something not?"
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what the potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called EPI.
He's amazing, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem. It's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows you to see how far our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pete. He was based on Dutch Houston role in the "Range Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, by sending them phone books, was center.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties about the memory written about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the ancient and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory and discovered and grown was not as rare as it can look today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and cultivate is this very unique memory of memory.
It's actually not so single -- there are competition like this all over the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how they do these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at University College in London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that they have brains in some ways, structural or anatomically different than the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow competitors. They found that in memory camps were lit parts of the brain, different than others.
They were essentially used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is moving as a armed race where every year comes up with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should be put by the day.
This is my friend Ben Prime, three times memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 dead names of dense names that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just he mastered him.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 414 digital binary digits.
half an hour. Yeah.
And as there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques that are used at the end of the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call ecological conduction."
It's illustrated with a paradoxe paint known as "Baby's Pakistan." (Audience says, "I say to two people who remember the same word -- I tell you there's a man named Barbara."
That's their apple.
And then I ask you, "You remember there's a baby bank."
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word I told you a rate?"
"You remember what was?"
The person who was told that his name is Basin is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his work is bad."
The same word, different capability of memories. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Balkan, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories dancing for their head.
But the word bathroom." We know pandemics.
They use sophisticated white hat.
They have harmony in the hands.
They smell good when they go home to work.
We probably know some pandemic.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we started putting aside assets to find them easily at some time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the paper of memory."
The story says this: there was a poet called Symphons who attended a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it wasn't a DNA, it was a poet, you would hire a poet.
He stood up, he received his memory poem, and he marched up, and so soon it was, the bank room came down.
Show them everyone.
But he didn't just kill them all, but it destroyed bodies by giving them innovative.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
And so you couldn't get the bodies out.
A tragedy behind the other.
Symphons, standing outside -- the only survivor, in the middle of the rubble -- I closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of their mind, I could see where I had been sitting every invitation.
I took the families in the hand by bringing them to where their loved loved ones between rubble.
What Symnings was addressing at that moment is something we all know more or less intuitively -- and that is that no matter whether we are not good to remember names or phone numbers or words of our colleagues, we have visual memory and space instructions.
If I asked you to receive the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Symphons, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the brown horse in their lobby, they would be able to rape it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and to put it into images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy, the crazy, funny and strange to be the picture, more incompletely be.
This is an advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first members of memory, in Latin, to the latter.
And how does it work?
So let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory in the same way that civilization had done it if you invited it to TEDTalks 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're at the door of your house.
And to figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and innovative image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Golden Montes mounted on Mission E.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Coke.
And then you would see Britney Springs to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth subject that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not a word that will confuse them, but typical per typical one.
In fact, the term typical, comes from the Greek "Tower: "The Player."
It's a pressure of when people thought about the orchestra and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "In the first place, it would be like the first place in its memory hall.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I stood up on that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something else about this subculture of competitive members.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a politically boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking exercises. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets married in front of it.
I'm a journalist and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I have no access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try and put me in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Perhaps a poem, or the names of an ancient school bus bought in a pollen market.
And I discovered that this was amazingly entertaining.
I would never expect it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, cartoons, productive, installations, absolute and hopefully incompletely in the eye of the mind.
I was happy with this.
This is me, using my team standard of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and a few security goggles covered with tape leaving just two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same competition that I had covered a year earlier. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of a participatory experiment.
I thought this could serve a good job for my whole research.
The problem was that the experiment was coming out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shops of shopping -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build the memory of memory or memorize back backs to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it would be an innate gift. But it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the more basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply deeply.
The machine of memory -- these memory techniques are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a whole kind of attention that most of us don't have to spread around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
This is how things make it memories.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today, it's what Ethen, the ambulance that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence by losing in the Black or iPhone, not paying attention to human being in front of us, who walks on our side -- will we be so holes that we don't even bother to process in deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'll talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject, so we will tackle just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because it's 30 years ago, I'm from No. Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Libras, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there they all spent the touch looking at the TV, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all see me, and every time I went back and I went back into a towel -- everybody saw me.
And I was like this.
It was torn, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balcony and hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Leave.
Those feelings that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, or dividendors of areas, but of those visceral connections, emotional that we feel in the places we occupy.
And it's not to wonder that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
So 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you get to them, think about power, stability and democracy.
And I know you think about it for based on a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a description that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a very, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is scary.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- the urbanization and the governments, they always have fear, and they prefer to use ways that they know are going to work.
So we met buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Library Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, collaborators, red slow, that let me turn what Libras tries to communicate with this building, the children, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, is getting another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries -- are they so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pill.
On one side there is innovation, the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new scientists, new solutions for current forms of life.
We put up, we pushed and we drive so much, that we completely get away from people.
Everyone in black, this depresses us -- you think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and come back to us with these symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, and we are all happy, but we feel like translators, so we start to experience the back of the back and over and over again, so we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called brutality.
It has to do with concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows on a transcendence scale.
Something really hard.
So we came up with the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the question back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know and we use them.
We added up and add cake and use new materials.
They love them.
We don't give up.
We take Chapteria and we turn them into skyscrapers that can be medieval scales made of glass.
The shapes were grabbed, they won in audacity and color.
The oceans became columns.
The sites grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we move to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian.
Probably with a single bread.
This is what happens with posture.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we collect memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Toronto.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we start making the power scale in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democracy.
We do the historical symbols -- now we have new design techniques, and we find ourselves with new companies, a few ways that star against other ways.
This is academic and commissioner, and it's super preparing. One is totally excluded.
Normally, the pendulum will be stranged again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Giant of Billy, from Frank Georgia.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gelighter said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academic and public in general, and they completely agreed on a building.
The New York Times daily passed this miracle of miracle.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when the building ended up.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everyone wanted one, and Georgia was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical forms, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media got going around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the major mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennia happened with other star architects.
I went to Zachin and Library, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all the architecture, digital media started increasing the speed of information consumption.
Think of, for example, how do they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked to the next village to see a building.
The transportation gets accelerated: you can take a boat, an airplane, you can be turtles.
The speed technology, you can see in the newspapers, in TV, and at the end, we are all architecture photographers and the building is moving beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not exactly a lot of time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before we know that four years ago, was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we meet buildings like this.
Breathability was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were dealing with.
That is never going to happen, I think, because we're in the most revolution of the largest revolution in architecture since ant invention or steel or elevator -- and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the part to media media, it starts to get faster and faster, until you get into both extremes almost in the simultaneous side, and it is effectively drawn the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols, with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was bound.
This is the center of a town called Pinemage Island Pinemages, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked like exactly the end product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started coming up and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media building, because these are not just images of a building, they are the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes it correct with the collective memory, and when you charge these symbols.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but have changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those Libras library.
If that building was built today, we first go to the Internet looking for new libraries of libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's manipulators.
Musicians that can take the mayor of Libras, to the Library people, and tell you that there's no answer unique to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
Everything is different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use grandmother words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a devastating audience that doesn't accept something that has not seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let it be interested by architecture.
That means that the cross-section of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems that society.
This is the end of architecture history, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings of today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Senecum can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are self-confident to the whims of nature and not to the office.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for Google, or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream in the East River of New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, no longer is a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little break of regions, as this musical and fragile pavilion like the animals that are going to be seen.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more simple.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we are no longer on the opposite side.
They find an architect, put them and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there is a lot in play.
Buildings are not only reflecting our society, but they shape it to the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we shape our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Star.
It just turned out a year and started walking.
And it does it that great, great way of the children of a year, browsing, as if his body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loved her reflection.
He laughed and charge, and it gives themselves those big kiss and wet balls.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think, when stop to do this?
How are we suddenly not on our appearance with our appearance.
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people search for Google, "Am I fast?"
This is Fashi, she's 13 years old and lives in Denea.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be dear and fit.
It's dominant at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little scary. It's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells you it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends or colleagues of school tell you, he doesn't know who to believe.
So a video of herself makes a video of herself on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comments, "Am I nice or I'm fast?"
Well, so far, Fashion has received over 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so distributed, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal and current teenager, which receives these responses in one of their most vulnerable life stages.
Thousands of people are putting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what are you bringing them to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking to me, shooting, giving me, "I love it, the setting, publishing, publicly, this is never finished.
We've never been so connected before we've been so connected.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in his room all nights."
There's just not privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implications.
This environment, to be always connected, is advancing our children to adopt based on the number of me like they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between an online life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is digitally manipulated for.
What is the most strange thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are surrounded from the news of the girls now.
Zero stores continue to dominate our specialists.
The algorithm technique is now a running.
And trends like "nonsense, Tahrir, Beijing and President.
For those of you who know it, it means profit.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to do with what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the supermarket stars of the sport, and the recording singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and individual individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other things start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look nice enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as a contribution to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class. They avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention to their physical appearance.
One out of five are not attacking classes at all, when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the temperature season, if you don't think you see it good enough, if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a lower note to the average of your peers, who don't care about the appearance of the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and United States and China.
And it gets regardless of what these young young people are.
So in order to get clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is depressing academic performance.
And it's also depressing health.
Teenagers with a little self-esteem do less physical activity, eat less fruit and vegetables, participate in more not healthy diet that can bring them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all of this because of what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diets, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and no protection and autonomy damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have an overweight again, regardless of whether or not they have higher rates of abstraction.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day when they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
Liberating this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes. The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs -- without realizing the situation.
So, we must make sure that the program that follow our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six things are critical part points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but face this problem requires each of us to take the risks in the issue and be a better model to continue for women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you with the approach of our politicians in heat cuts or the size of your chest, or to imagine that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they see.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you had a mirror.
In summary, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies and as companies -- to truly change our culture, so that our children are growing up to value all their own people, value individual, diversity, inclusion ...
We have to put people out there that are actually making the difference in a peter.
To make a difference in the real world, we make it be the ones that go out in the big screen because we will only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they have never been able to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
A wife?
A sister.
Your daughter to your daughter.
You know? A friend of your friend?
It could just be the woman who is two separate seats. What would it mean for her if he was released from that car voice in his interior, which is advanced for not having long legs, more thin, a more flat, feet smaller?
What would it mean for her if we overcome this, and we would say, resonated to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is beating us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's show you that the way you see is just one part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and how they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small translators of an age of today, they become safe agents of self tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five of November 1990, a gentleman named Savanna Nords entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Mermaid Kate, the leader of Defense Jewish Legos.
And Norden initially declared it innocent -- but being a prisoner for other charges in the other, and they started planning attacks at about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels, synapses and the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant infrastructure.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
Later Norden would be convicted for his participation in that bombing.
Saudi Norman is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, a primary school teacher.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which is very few, even the majority of Muslims come to know.
By experience, I saw that when people take time to interact with, it doesn't require much to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion in all human groups, there is always a little fraction of people that are stranged so amazingly to their conversations that think that you have to use all the media to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last few weekends, he and some friends, they had been going to sleep training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Pole PowerPoint polymer, which, without knowing our group, was surveillance by the FBI.
When I got to throw up, my father helped me hold the risk in the shoulder, and explained to me how to aim the target to about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that shot I gave the little orange light on the goal, and for the surprise of all, especially me, the whole goal is in flames.
My uncle became the other and in Arabic, he said "Bleed blog."
In such father, such a son.
All of all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
These people later would be convicted for putting a care of a load of explosives in the underground parking season in the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and went to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "Mom," which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had been moved by 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near someone already was time to purpose and go to another city.
As I was always me, the new face of the class often was a victim.
I was secret my identity to avoid being the white, but to be the new of the class, silence and regulatory, it was enough musical.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it sourcedable.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences that put in my thinking was during the presidential elections, 2000.
In a privileged program that I participated in the National Convention, Julian in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, like I had been victim victim almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the conversation, I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendship, was Jewish.
I took several days to go out of light this detail and realized that there was no analysis between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before, and I was very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that my whole life had made me believe that it was a freezing.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush, Gardens, a fun park.
I found myself with people of all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
The whole life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all the men were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most smart and least critical I had seen in life.
Having been accused of a child, I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat kind, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be homeless, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the David Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me really honest about my interfaces, and it helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, don't have anything to do with character.
In many ways he became my home figure at a time when I was desperately doing it.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected. And that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extraction, wasn't in value.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that I would get in my heart forever, while she's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with endless dancers, and he said, "I'm tired of hatering."
At that point I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zaching Eband.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put into a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, one day, who is trying to take violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way. That even though I was given to this violent and intelligent ideology -- I didn't get to make it fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against pressures.
I do it by the terrorists of terrorism and their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to speak, against those acts with no sense, as I reject my father's actions.
So with this simple thing I get here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that projects in your minds.
It's an incredible multiplication movie.
It's in 3D and it has a standard sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a seal, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger your plan.
It has emotions, angry and happiness.
It's got memories, like moments of your childhood who are projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a sustainable voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in right.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the mind of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an inner movie movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I don't have certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we were not aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films?
Why are we not just robots that are processing what we get to produce results without experiencing the inner movie.
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say that it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost every 20th century, I predict that vision.
psychology was studying behavior obviously -- neuroscience studied the brain objectively but never mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After 20 years ago, it all started to change.
Neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger President said, "Now it's time for science to tackle consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion of an explosion.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of science science in recent years was the search for correlations -- correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain types of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they are correcting.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscience.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't have the real central mystery of this material, why all physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective inner movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the human and the humanists, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emergence is all cases of emerging behaviors, how the brain operations, how the hurricane works, how the hurricane works, they adapt and metabolize living organisms. They're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we speak, how we play chess -- all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it's about consciousness, questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience -- it doesn't actually have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the telephone that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systemic reasons.
I think we're stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We used to -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to take that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I believe that consciousness, right now, is sort of a analysis, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know still how.
With an analysis like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that are going to be crazy at the beginning, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the brain behaviors -- and so you study everything you need explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductional consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just denial that the observation of consciousness is satisfied.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promise.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental structures: space, time and mass.
They put the fundamental laws that government, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of any more basic terms.
In contrast, they are considered fundamental and the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental gets straight.
In the 19th century, Malawy discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts of conservative, space, time, mass laws of Newton, so I put the basic laws of the electronics, and I put electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws governments.
I think that's the situation that we meet with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas of ideas, space, time, mass care, so for a matter of logic, you have to grab the list.
The most natural thing would be to put awareness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science.
It opens up the path to handle it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass processes physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can do in a region.
The situation of consciousness is something like that.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can get them into a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we seek for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called paintings, "Paulo for everyone, "Paul for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans -- dogs, mice, flies even the microbes of Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a picture can be full of angry when he thinks of "Hey, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the rockets."
No, so no.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some elements of crude feeling self-interest, subjective prevention of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do anybody think something so crazy?
And part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental as space, time and mass -- it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and the powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking about physical process, is by linking awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there is awareness.
complex information processing, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Gillian Tennessee, took this kind of theory and it was digitized by mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called the Phill, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I assume that he has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration -- a high degree of pencil, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration -- just like significant, pretty significant awareness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the piece of pen said.
The information integration level is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tongar theory, there will still be a level of different awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of concept, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that pilot can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire of the equations come out of the equations?
From the point of view, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can be used to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this view, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that view, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of addiction.
It's right there in the center.
This vision I think, I think, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetable.
If you're a screen and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions while what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Santa artificial intelligence system in the Hern movie, Herrica?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of pancreatic information, she has a complicated information processing -- integrated, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get pretty serious ethical problems on the ethics of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of turning them.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full colors, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience on a TED talk. At this point, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole TED group -- different from the inner movies of each of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to take seriously.
So this picture panties, it's a radical view, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea that consciousness is fundamental than the second is universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we're finally going to get it to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
I had a very normal profile, one under the profile of education.
I went to school, I got my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to give us a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She doesn't get anything."  And they had right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's row, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "Sergey Service of the Valley Solar and "Dawns Creation."
Yes, I know. What control.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of teaching in a high school in Mellon -- just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your speech?
And I said, "What discussion?"
Well, I had been talking about the law of disability for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair chairs talk about institutional things in school?"
"Of course, in the stock room.
And it was then when I realized -- this child had had experiences with disabled disease objects.
And we are not. And it's not the blame of the child, I mean, that's true for many of us.
For us, the disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our manipulations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire them.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking like what I do in this wheelchair and probably you're waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I am afraid of the stories studied.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that they have been in relation to disability.
Yes, we have sold the lie that disability is something bad.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing and I can't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is involutionary."
Or this one, before I left, it starts it."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a huge amount of them.
You may have seen one, in the girl without hands drawing with a pentuled pencil by the mouth.
You may have seen a child running with corporate carbon cold.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately powered, because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we were going to make the disabled people in the benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, by very bad that my life could be worse.
I could be that person."
But if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times that I've been very strange to want to express that they believe I am brave or a source of inspiration -- and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I'd be happy to wake up my own morning and remember my own name.  And this is to construct.
These images, those images are going to affect people with disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We had some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "dealer: described people, because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live to our bodies or diagnostics of our diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited about him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned to pull the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So, is it really fair to challenge them in the way that we do it, by sharing those pictures?
When people say, "You're an inspiration source, it says it as a budget.
I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us exciting.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here going on the inspiration here, and you think, "Oh God, Stewart, are you not sometimes inspired by something?"
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
Yet I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
So I learn that this is a great idea to use a few bathrooms to pick up the things that they fall in.  And I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone in the chair battery.
Great.
We learn from force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that excepting and constructions.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us difficult life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that's lying is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in front of a stage has never done that it becomes a break.
Never.   smile to a television screen will not make the subtitles.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and in progressing a positive attitude to convert all those books into the branch.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in her bedroom watching "Mushroom the Valley The Salam The Solar Valley doesn't deserve anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of the people with disability that we are happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a 11-year-old child in a high school in Mellon is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair of wheels.
The disability doesn't make us exceptional, but to question what you believe to know about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and the professional football.
And what is the average speed of a free flag without charge?
Unfortunately, today, I just answer one of those questions, so please don't describe it.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about Minister Republic," and Tom Critic putting hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So, how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I'm wearing -- the Google Glass.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass is a device that lets you see what I see.
I'll let you experience what is to be a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is run by the game camp at 100 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels that a 100 pounds man is chasing us, trying to get away with all of his being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what it is to use Google Glass.
Unfortunately, it's not the images of the NASA practices because the idea of the Emergland of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Kleybeng -- go.
It's horrible to be recorded.
A moment. Let's zoom in a little bit.
Representative?
Go!
Chris Kleybeng -- as you can see, it's a proportion of what is being caught in the football field, from the perspective of the tape.
You may have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, corruption at the University of Washington.
First family markets, mice. </s> 54.
Blue eight, Blue 8 -- Go!
Chris Kelly: This is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they asked me on YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field of field.
Or a correct?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get full of it, how do we take it to the next level.
We took it to that level using something called Edison Rituation that surely many of you know.
The October Rituation has been described as the more realistic virtual reality ever created, and it's not a cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fear for his life.
What is the experience of a fan when we recorded a video from Aaron Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a chart with the arm before it ran and do an anxiety? What will be the experience of a fan failure.
When I could be Mosque running down the candy, launching the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Ferred doing a state in Wikipedia?
What will be your experience when it comes from a mountain to more than 100 miles a mile screen?
Maybe you increase the sales of parasites for adults.
But this is not still increased.
It's just virtual reality, R.C.
How do we get the augmented reality, Ron Richard?
We will get augmented reality when the coaches and the men and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win particular?"
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief report about technology at NASA.
In 1965, the Ballet Poles put a market to their field butterfly to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NASA put radio into the cassettes of the field of field and then the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that they are a player coming back to their group and see their next game in front of you, in a plastic view that they wear -- you won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
It's to memorize strategy.
Just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parts.
If you lose you to wake you up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just an improved strategy manual.
Autonomous reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner corner having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the accelerometer.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones will have information savings.
This would differentiate the good teams of bad guys.
So, your computer team will be as important as your records, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
Who would have imagined it?
What would be in the country?
Imagine your field market.
You get the ball and you go back.
You look at an open receptor. All of a sudden, a flower on the left side of your bombsight is going to warn you that a defense behind you is going to attack. You would not see it, but the root system draws you.
You move to the protection area.
Another float is going to warn you there is an open receptor.
You toss the ball, but you get apart.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in his bombsight an area of grass that gets lit and can modify the race.
You can zoom in, you catch the ball, running and yet.
The public screens and the fans have followed the game from each angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
I'll make a lot of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
Reality increases being part of the sports because it's too cost-effective.
But what I ask you is: we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus as our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, being in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports legs.
It generates billions of revenue a year.
But how much is it worth this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how many days are their actions from the perspective of the victim.
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being perfect?
How much is it also for a Handell Hawking or a Neil Delightes Tesm trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of transcendence and Karachican notes.
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face and the challenges that we face, they depend on us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service.
Most of those 23 years I spent them by paying me the southern end of Marine County, which includes the Golden Gate bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The bridge Gold Gates was open in 1937.
Joseph Street, the chief chief engineer of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is essentially at proof of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probably."
But from his openness, more than 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you think that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension -- this bridge has identified as such, so that each of it releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that are going to be under your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a free five to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which drives vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
Those of you who don't normally get off in the helpless water, and then they drown up.
I don't believe that those who control this method of suicide is realizing the death of the death that they will face.
This is the wire.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 parallel steel pilots on the bridge.
This is where most people are before taking their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their most dark time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an official contemplating her life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the shoe.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year by receiving a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I said, and when I got there, I looked at Jason talking to an official Gold Gates officer.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here twice before New Jersey to try to get suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
By remembering the Greek mythology. Zedge created Panalas, and I sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You never put that box down."
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panana, and she opened the box.
She came out plates, still, and all sorts of bad bags against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open your box and don't there be hope."
And he stopped a few instants, leaned on the right, and it was.
This yellow and intelligent boy from New Jersey had just taken away the life.
I spoke to Jason parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how he was.
Jason parents had asked them.
The supermarket hurts affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody loved out of supplies?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, I don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, you blame or tell the person you know how it feels because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection they need.
If you think someone is suicide -- you don't have fear to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is: Others in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life.
People to confront the person in front of it can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs for looking for desperation, desperation, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- impossible, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, a recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost her son at January 19 of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple days ago, and it's with her permission and blessing that I read them.
"Hello, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty unusual, but noticing more moments to really realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Petri to San Francisco to see the 49 with his father on January 19.
It never came there.
I called the police police and repeated him as the night disappeared.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witnesses had seen it jump from the bridge at 170 of the afternoon of the day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
The GGOs, the Gold Gate is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery of it.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and raise the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
In March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible suicide subject on the edge of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my bike, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he immediately crossed the barbaria, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next hour, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and desperation.
Kevin decided for his account that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, the happiness.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it make to come back and give hope and life another opportunity?"
And do you know what he told me?
He said, "I listened to me.
You let me speak and just listen."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read them.
"Dear Mr. Britain, nothing will erase the events of the 11 of March, and you're one of the reasons that Kevin follows with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was calling for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medical.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious of all those helicopter traits -- but thank God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, like he said.
We give God for you.
I was sitting in debt with you, Nata Berkeley."
And at the end she wrote, "Penture. When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you would figure out like the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Now, Kevin is a loving father and an active father of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and its depression with hope that his story inspired others.
The suicide is not just something I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was supported with poison.
That act in spite of finishing its own pain, I steal the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide.
For most people, suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about taking another person.
They just want their own pain to go.
Typically, this is just about three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls from suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jayann.
The other one was a man who was talking about an hour.
During that time, I cut my hand in three times.
In the final server, I looked at me, and he said, "June, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
However, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people we get to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived and you can talk about it, that one or two percent -- most of those people have said that the second one that they leave on the side of the shoulder realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge not only marketed Marine with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that each and every one of us should be striving for to do.
The suicide can be prevent.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you whatever you are, but in your inside, you know what you are, and one question brings you, how do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone -- no way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that eventually I had achieved the dream that I had ever since ever since the girl.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, which I will refer later on, when I look at this picture -- I think, General achievement, you get it.
But the October past, I discovered that, barely I'm beginning.
We all care about our families, our religion, our society, our time in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the courage to release to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or the belief of those who surround us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, my agent, ignored my story.
I think this is called revelation.
This is mine.
I was recorded as a child at birth because of the appearance of my generous.
I remember my five years in Los Fills, in my house, I always wore this shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head."
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to reduce it.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but we now know that it's something more complex and more mysterious, really.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I will be what I'm bad, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have Mom and Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of the gender.
There's a bird of compassion.
There is an Indian goddess -- dialers of the days.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mystery.
I was standing in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something would beat me, this is the kind of woman that I would like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still wearing man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a transcription consequence.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you participated in the beauty consequence?
He told me that if she was involved with the instrument spending and the seat, and that night, I won in a bathroom suit, I won on a suitcase suit and then the third fund between more than 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a beauty of beauty of transcendencess women, but I can.
I also met the dialogues of the seals, especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of Los Fills.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they took my request from the green card that could go to live in the United States.
I was resist.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm getting around.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a queen of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know that if you move to the United States you can change the name and the identity of gender?"
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I would put two or my name.
She also accepted me when I operate in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious and sophisticated and secure cities.
At that time in the U.S., it was necessary to do the surgery before they changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name Gene and the Finger of Femby.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel degree.
Suddenly, my fears looked minimally.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think about this woman of the Mayan Newtons.
A young woman in New York who was valuable lived his truth, but he disappeared, he put end to her life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of the 20th of November, we make a global video virus on the University day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't continue to live my truth alone and just me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, expanding me, so that some day there are no more November 20 of November anymore.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, a quick question.
Gene Robot: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my bloggers.
On my support network, my parents especially, to my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've attended young women together, who I've opened, and sometimes when I was called and they told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman?"
Sometimes it worked -- others don't. It's just the identity of gender, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table, the subject that sometimes that argument is not cut, and there should be a space that lets people self-interest -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is beginning compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Green very kind. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, parents are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for her daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign by defending their rights in 2007, and when he was honored their efforts in 2011, when he was consumering the National Prize juvenile prize of peace, it became very famous, a very popular girl in her country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but I'm now his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a girl, his birth is not celebrated.
It's not good, not for his father, not for her mother.
The neighborhood comes from, gives her confrontation to the mother and no one to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, he gets excited, and with the hope of a child, when he in his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only was the mother suffering, but the daughter. The daughter is born, when he grows up, he suffers as well.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, she stays home and school admitted to her brothers and school.
Until 12 years old, it has a good life.
You can get fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when I go into the adolescence, when he turned 13 years old, he was banned to go out of his house without a male acceleration.
It's confined to the four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and her family, and if you swallow the code of that honor question, you could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor codes, not only affect the life of a guy, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in name of the honor.
And there's a most of the patriarchal societies that are called obesity.
It's supposed to be a good girl must be very completely, very humble and super-consumer.
It's the criterion of it.
The model of a good girl must be slow.
It's supposed to be silent, and it accepts the decisions of his father and mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if you don't want to.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because you don't want to be away from description.
If you make it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they would call it description.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet of poetry, "The House, they love it, and then it gives birth to more children and girls.
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, income the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
He wanted brothers and sisters when I was born Malawi, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored.
And a lot before he was born, I thought of his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary show of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Maitreya, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malay!
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years -- I admired it in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention the admire of a girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can take it in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the participatory societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
Instituting in a school means the recognition of your identity and your name.
An admiration to school means it's entered the world of dreams and the aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when he was removing the Canadian bombsight form, and he was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the apple of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sister written in any document.
That's why I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and savings of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to increase them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've been doing all these good values in my school and girls alike.
I used education for email.
I taught my daughters, I taught students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the same sample.
The brothers and sisters, we fought more rights for women, and we were fighting to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the transition.
That means a complete denial of women participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use veil, and they stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the acid girls and the seats killed.
They had millions, but a few speech, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and add when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
By the age of 10 years, Malawi was lifted up to the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, and he was offered himself for the New York Times, and I talked to each platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It's spread as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and 9 October in October 2012, they shot him in the head.
It was a failed day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered my ear to my wife, "Should I be filled by what happened to my daughter to your daughter.
And he instantly said, "Please don't blame you.
It defends the cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired by you and join you.
Both of them were on the right path and God protection."
These few words mean a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawite was in the hospital and I had severe heart pains, because his facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained away.
I used to say, "I'm well with my stream store and the excitement in my face.
I'm going to get okay. Please don't worry.
It was a match for us, and he got constantly.
You want brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children and women's rights -- it's like any 16 years old.
He cried when he didn't have his homework.
He fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor that has made so bold to Malawi so courageous, expressive and existential?"
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined the Monopanne group from Google, where I've had a divide to my office, the Google X visualization -- but all the work that I will talk today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you give you a brain operation.
Are you still as smart or not?
If you don't like this, can you be smart?
After neurologist, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscience.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and microscopes of chemicals, and try to get them to live alive.
More than one time I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have an experiment soul, so I decided to experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really isn't a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my automation, my sense of who I was me, my sense of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case -- for a few months, I tried to try and typical chemicals for a man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always fundamental, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've met several types of types like this, or maybe some of the adverse versions.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a grandmother.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to figure out a problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen.
So, I couldn't handle it.
My dose changed.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to achieve. When I adjust those hormones and neuroscience and so forth, I was to regain my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my idea of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always in pictures, and that became my point of key reference, how do I get those mental images that I use to create prostitutes, my ideas, if you want it? testing new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Philoscopics like Humlob, descriptions and Hobbes, look at things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are people who question this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works. For me it's simple for most of us, mental imagery is fundamental for creative and invention.
So after several years, I get to find the right point and I have lots of great mental money, really valuable, well sophisticated and strange strategies.
Now, I'm working on how to take well these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use its imagination only to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to achieve this is just increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to coming to this with two recent experiments made in neuroscience.
Both of them used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain, and here you can see the brain scan done by Girl Gandons and their Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual as he imagined seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by tracking the contents of the central column on the left -- you see that the difference is almost none.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost none.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from Jack Gallet lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into recent visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment -- it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they scanned their brains to create a great range of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then you showed them a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scanning I decided to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the computers of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This leaves us bush.
We're right about doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same picture, it creates in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the biggest brain scanning systems today, and their resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do that.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer myself for that.
Many of you are proposing new projection techniques for images, even me, telling the recent result of the MRI -- first of all, we should ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- don't increase by thousands of how we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets -- make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements.
And why does this mind us?
In the last few years, a lot of effort at the MRI was to make really big, right?
However, most of the recent breakthroughs in research of online and brilliant solutions in codes and decoration, in the transmission and frequency of radio radio frequencies in the MRI systems.
By the time, instead of a unified magnetic field, we use structural magnetic patterns attached to the frequencies of FM radio.
So by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing patterns -- we can increase a massive way of information that can be extracted in a single scanner.
In addition, we can then divide up our growing knowledge about the structure of brain and memory to create increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the IMFO we should be able to measure not just the fluid of oxygen blood, but the hormones and neuroscience that I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go above language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more options to open up this door.
Anyway, choose a year, do it happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that taking much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have arms.
His closet, maybe it's telling some person for the first time that love or telling someone who is pregnant, or to tell someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you have gone through in life.
And all armed is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously -- the experience of having lived and have come out of that closet is universal.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working at the South Side Wall Cathollon, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through a number of stages of the intensity of the malaria millionaire" -- not to break my angles, to quote the letters of Ann Dr. France as a letter.
And I will be realized that by the knee of my short screen and to have holding my head out, I would usually ask a little child, "Hey, are you a kid or a girl?
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would remember my jaw a little more, I would take my coffee with a rain left.
The father would be increasing the newspaper and the mother would throw a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and it would hurt inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to come up with the female issues on the table.  He had the quotes by Betty Frider.
The quotes from Gloria Stephen.
Even a fragile of the "Vagina Monologues" that I would show up.
So I would breathe in the background, and I looked down and my spots a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, watching what is not a challenge for a feminist door, just a girl with one question: "Are you a kid or a girl?
So I would breathe again, I put me out of the birthday about it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confused thing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress and sometimes like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I am more from the kind of computer pigment."
And that girl looked at me at the time, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pajamas.
Can you give me a pancreatic, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the park I would like?"
It was the easiest conversation of all of you ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the plant and I, both of us were honest to each other.
Just like many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
It's like my arm is not different than yours or yours or yours.
So sure, I'll give you 100 reasons from why to come out of my closet, it was harder to go out of your own, but here's the thing: The hard is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has declared them in a broken bank is harder to say that it has been disconserved?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is harder than to say to your five year-old son that you're going to divide you?
There's no one more difficult, there's only the hard.
We need to stop claiming what is difficult to what is difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our arms and we have to only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make sure to feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what their walls are, a show is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, I had a horse tail, a high dress and shoe shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian ready to fight any four years of four years to go into the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear, cut up on a corner of my dark closet pushing my fat fat, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, which I have spent my whole life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world would turn back into purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that all of us have followed for so long, but if you don't throw that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable grandmothers was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that it was gay, and by doing my home lady workers, my black dress and tanks walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me did years ago.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Lane."
And the battle of the gay story had begun.
"Hey, ever in the Carbologio?"
"Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fantastic."
"Oh, you know my story Antarctica?
It's very good, and it's never talked about having girlfriend."
"Oh, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite project? Will and Grace and Grace program?
And you know who loves us? Jack is?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, discovered, but in waiting to desperately show her support, to make me know that he was on my side, finally said "Brunch, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink bars."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grenade laundry.
Surely, it might have been easy to figure out where they felt like me.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were transcripting.
And what else can you ask for somebody, but will you start?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
This is how hard conversations are still being my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have left with.
But I'm better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Chicago of the Pansans.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but they understand that what means coming out of any frame is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine -- the others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be right. Just like it. Just give them Raisuddin their packets.
If you know you're gay, you do it.
If you say to your parents that might be gay, they will keep the hope that that might change.
Don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You have never been apologize for that.
And some of you can go out safe wounds and apologize for what you've done, but you never apologize for what you are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel declining, but that is not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but you don't know.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is the one that you want to write.
So the next time you find out in a dark closet, a grandmother, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very much, but they're not.
Thank you, Boy. Enjoy the velocity.
Institution, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Edinburgh Descritation that the question of whether a machine can think about is as interesting as if a submarine can swim.
When Edinburgh Driver wrote this as a critic to the pioneers of computing like Alan Turkish.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, you don't know anything about the Earth's biology or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can see Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it has no concept about the intelligence of the Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to some point in time, the asteroids that are demonstrating the surface of a planet that is mysterious to do it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I had been doing several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science through various disciplines that were pointed out, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adapted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, to develop universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together, I said, for a number of years now, there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different questions?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and a half for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force -- F that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or maintain open options, with a force T with the diversity of possible future actions, yes, to an impending future time, the train.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so having in account this equation, it's natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Does it predict the level of human intelligence?
predicts artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology has suggested that the universes that produce more defense, or enterprise, during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technical connection between entropy.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system where it finds inside.
And amazingly, English could happen multiple animal intelligence, play human games, and even win money by eating actions, all of that without doing that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Like a human standing human, here we see English balancing automatically by using a career using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave English a goal.
He just decided by his account to balance the police.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This capacity of tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate from a string at the same time to release the food, here we see that English can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Enterprising is widely applicable to a variety of dominations.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, illustrate its potential for play.
So here we see English organizing new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and kept successful the net connected.
This same network organization also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see English organizing the routes of a band fleet -- discovering with success and using the Panama Canal to extend the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to anger defense issues and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously discovering and execute a business strategy, seven percent of a series of action negotiation of action, successfully increasing the assets under its exponential management.
This ability for risk management will have wide applications in finance and safe.
Alex Nigeria: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors like the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation -- everybody derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future action freedom.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
Back to the beginning of the use of the robot, the Rush work, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion research.
The machines would be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of the cyber rebellion to the reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart and then megawatt and try to support the world.
It's all the opposite that the impulse of taking control of all the future possible future is a more fundamental principle than the of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise to take control, rather than the laugh.
Another important consequence is the search of the target.
They often ask me, how do you look for goals to get away from this kind of frame?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the concept of stars and losing the planet that we call home."
But in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fit in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points out that the Earth is only one among the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of the stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler show the size of planets as well as the distance between them and their stem star.
Instead, this helps us understand whether these planets are small, rocket planets like the land planets of our solar system, and also how much light they get from their sun.
By the time, this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this transistor of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the most hot recorded.
Glaciers and sea ice that have been with us from thousands are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I am not a climate scientist, or astronomers.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the impaction sector.
Now, as someone really interested in search for life in the universe -- I can tell you that the more planets look like Earth, more enjoying our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better, the ones in our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and robotics, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our volunteers like Curricular trace their surface in search of clues of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MIT mission, take samples of the atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the temptation of living on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the innovative ideas and progress, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the spread of the democratic areas of our planet that are still for colonizing, really exchange places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places on Earth the air is fresh and repeat of oxygen tested by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets travel with a big and sad show -- the implications and the belief of some that Mars will wait there to save ourselves from this influenced resolution of the only planet that we know is really habitat, the Earth.
For a long time I like international exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party actually will get place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for the interplanetary exploration and the terrestrial preservation is not controlling.
No, they are actually faces of the same coin, the goal to understand and preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world look like extraterrestrial pages.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and supernovated areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, the East Ferred physicist said, having in account that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of life existence so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become technologically advanced enough to consider to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that brought this development.
It is arrogant to think that only international colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to make Mars hostile environments for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, my own house.
And as I was at the front porch looking in my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see by the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and they were all good closed.
I thought about calling a clothes, at least I had my cell phone, but to midnight, a clock could take a long time to get there, and it made cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because she had a first flight to Europe to the next morning, and I thought of my passport.
It would be expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a clock at night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was pretty well.
I'm a professor neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Corporate library that increases heart rhythm, it measures adrenaline levels and neurons thinking.
And when I got to the partnership show in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in its place, which prevents bad things happen.
Or at least if bad things happen, that minimize the probability that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later my thoughts didn't complain.
I was meeting with my colleague, Danny Kate, who won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed he told him that he broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a professional retirement.
It's something he had learned from psychologist Gary Klee, who had written from this a few years before, known as the primate.
Everyone knows what the poster is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the primate, as Daniel explained Danny, you look ahead and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, next, try to figure out what you can do to prevent things happen or minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some of the things we can do in the form of a primate.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I will get a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds like common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothetical, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make the location of the location of important things, where the good is, where the fish are, that it takes the fruit trees, where the tribes are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is stranged in London.
It's the part of the brain that allows them to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the smell of the strawberries and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use oil, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism from the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys of the car and reading and passions.
So at home you have a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular box in particular.
For their reading glasses, a particular message.
If you get a place and you are cursellity with it, you will always be there when you look at them.
What about travels?
Take the cell a picture of your credit cards, driving your credit card, passenger, send it on your mail for yourself to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal them, this can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases corruption.
Corruption is toxic and environmental thinking.
So part of the prime practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best time, and we have to put the systems on their site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one to be dear, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is created as a prosthetic for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which you would benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high.
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack heart attack, delivered brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to acknowledge a drug that will help you reduce the color, a station."
And maybe you've heard about the stations, and you know that it's one of the most respected drugs in the world today. It's even likely to know people take them.
So you think, "Yeah, I read the state."
But there's a question that has to be done then, a statistics that has to be asked for the most doctors don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NGO, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NGO?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or give you a surgery in any medical procedure before you help one person.
And you must think about what kind of desert statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not recognize something if not to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the magnificent film, and if it's a blame of somebody, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms very well.
But the estimates of Michael that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely respected season, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This according to the research of cynical researchers Jersey Greek and Pamela Saudies, confirmed independently by Bloomind.
I just explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, delivered brain or another adverse event.
Now you may think, "Well, one chance in 300 of us to go down my pocket.
Why not? Doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it is, "Look at the side of the side effects. Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: department muscle pain and artificial, gas pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still taking the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress they don't think clearly.
So think about how you take this over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get away from the drug that you help you have the drug.
I don't say they had to take the station.
I just say that you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take your risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that most of the men are done in the top of 50, the extension of cancer, the number needs to treat is 49.
So, 49 surgeries for a person who has help.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impossible impossible or dysfunction -- internal intelligence, financial stranger, fecal incomplete.
And if you have lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will only take a year or two.
So the idea of the program is to think before time the questions that you can plant that will drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice so many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change the opposite of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases corruption under stress, and one of the things that happens at that point is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator -- you don't need the digestive system, or the liberty or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast. They could be the lunch of lions so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Katesard and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
And I think the important thing here is that we are all defenses.
We're all going to fail once in a while.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those failures to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize damage, or to prevent things bad happen in the first place.
Rebending the night of snow in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed a commitment of combination along the door, with a key of the front door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I've not ordered and and lots of email messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pinant, "Philliper is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing solid.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a pig in the score, you need to play more supermarket.
Two penguins, even more soft.
Four pent, extremely smooth stop.
This is my drawing of a pig tree, and you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of penguins may be, you'll never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence -- a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the AIDS, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came during the 1800s and over time, mixed with local signs, and developed the language that we now know like ALS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, now I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following your rules, users, behaviors and norms without asking them.
So how do you understand the sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my vehicles and amplify sound.
Learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't rise the door.
"Don't do a lot of noise in eating the bag of film pipes."
"Don't creates, and when you're eating, you will make sure you're not going to raise your beaches in the plate."
All of this is called sound technical."
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm super surrounding sound.
And I'm always waiting with nervous nervous, about which it's about to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide to go.
TED, to continue.
TED, to announce you.
You can see that the screen doesn't have notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and soul doors.
In the deaf, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for "The Palestinian at ALS.
A typical screen has five lines.
However, for me, to do this with my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and different spaces, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art land.
Is it going to distance more of the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experiencing it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and learn it.
I started creating a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I had.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious -- it was something of a hear person.
And sound is so powerful that it could be delicate to me and my artistic work, or I could empower myself.
I chose that I was empowering me.
There's a massive culture around spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literary voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me in the same way and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different interests of ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking you to borrow their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't continue to continue this practice, I feel that I could stay in the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and AIDS.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and express in the paper.
And the same thing can be said at ALS.
The two are very space and highly modulated when it means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signals and the sounds.
I'd like to share a piano metaphor, so that they understand better how ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
AIDS is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger as you touch the piano -- like facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of hand, and so on, as the piano is played, English is a linear language, as if it's just a keyboard at a time.
However, ALS is more like a corner, you need the 10 fingers in a similar way to express a clear concept or a idea on ALS.
If only a keyboard would change the chord -- create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and fame and volume.
At ALS, by using these different grammar parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal stop in that."
This is the signal in that one.
I'm watching you.
Just look at me.
Oh, they were cool.
There is one Oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, based."
So I started thinking, and if I look at ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of day, the sun comes out and put it out.
This is all day."
If I repeat it and reduce speed, it looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say all night long.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of night -- "Jane, "Dark Day,"   "All night long.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed on ALS and how distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hell. It's a hand, two hands, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time time."
Then, "past" -- "Australian and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the time, "Once "Once again."
"The common "Time Command is a musical term with a specific pace of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word "common" -- I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MET: Right hand. MT: left hand.
We have the screen through the head and the chest.
(Music: My mass, "Court County -- "The County County: E, flower stream." I'm going to show you a form of the hand called "sheller garden."
Can you do that with me?
Everyone with the hands in high.
Now we're going to do it both in the head like the chest, something like "common" or at the same time."
Yes, very good.
That means "love in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "Collection," at AIDS.
Now, the third one. Please join me again.
And again.
It's illumination, at AIDS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Go for it, "conversation, and illumination."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the ALS is alive and prosperous, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very authoritarian world.
And only because ALS has no sounds, automatically doesn't have social value.
We need to start to question what social value defines and allow ALS to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AIDS. You don't have to hear to learn music.
The ALS is a rich, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dan Karket: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents would tell me, "You can scan everything, but then you have to clean it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also expose and they're not very good at cleaning the others.
The time happened, now I'm an adult and teaching citizens and invention in Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot to get my students to walk down the beach with lots of trash.
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today, more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a smart thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big boats and networks, collecting those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those enormous boat.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream with inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a work.
We started building this message of advertising work so that very low children can also participate.
And I will tell you, children who manipulate electrical tools are feeling great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something we hope it works.
So instead of collecting bits of plastic, we will only collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are excited about robots.
Then we quickly create what we call a prototype."
We're so fast in creating prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform limits and cameras in access and put it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic bits slowly floating through the sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approach of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called "Instamasis," with the hope that someone else gets better even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they are trying to figure out about it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem: But my students in Hong Kong are very important kids.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they took off with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands, in Sandings, the largest standard standard in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water they drink, it's the water in which they bar, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown and mud and oil also are brown color, and when everything gets mixed up, it's very difficult to see what is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectroscopy, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can inhaving through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help to identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
What's great about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem at a distance -- I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further away and maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they descended several giant waves called tsunami, and those tumors destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Future, a nuclear center near water.
And today, according to an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has tricks of pollution by schizophrenia.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Future radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe respect, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Fullingners every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring the kids.
Of course, we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we inform the control center here, you see the use of different masks here.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with radiation all their life.
Along with them we discussed the data that we collected that day and talk about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the insight, etc.
And to do this, we created a radioactive map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the lappar map, we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radiation, and stealing water to simulate the rain.
With this, we could notice that the radioactive powder was filtered from the top of the mountain to the river system and depressed in the ocean.
It was a clean estimate here.
But based on this, we organized a civil expedition -- the closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up to 1.5 miles away from the nuclear central center, and with the aid of the areas of the area we were collecting the sea slow with a sediment reactor as we invented and build it.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been beginning to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a bit of a bit of a bit of a little bit of an industrial installation in Hong Kong, and we turn it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optic basically -- you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children of children can become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students, acceleration." </s> acceleration."
So to settle Harvard: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced age.
Plastic, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy that we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientific citizens, creators -- crows, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about environment and people, and so I can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two relative champions, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one hall of silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is imposing about the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other for her.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the model of market, he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The Chinese was only top of Michelander tool.
But living beings are not conceptual.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information that was required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by the rules of manufacturing and production.
The assembly lines have done a world made of parts, by leveraging the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as participation of discrete parts of different functions.
But you don't find an average material self-interest in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin is thin with detailed portions.
The spiders of the back are more thick with little points.
You act primarily as a filter, the other primarily like barrier, and yet, it's the same skin -- there are no parts, there are no searches.
It's a system that varied its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work right now between the bottom and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the sensor and the growth between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown on the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, is trying to bring these two visions of the world, moving away from the assembly and getting closer to growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why wasn't it possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live at a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they drive four disciplines that offer designers to the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know your minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, large scale -- like this robotic arm with a 24 feet of diameter with a vascular basis that some day is not very far to print entire buildings to print entire buildings and graphics to facts made of genetically modified microbials that shine in the dark.
So here we have reinvented the brain, an archetype of the former Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each open is only size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion descepe in Paris with Treat Troop, and it's like a second skin made from one piece of periods, right in the contacts, flexible around the belt.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and 3D 3D without the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet, combined material and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CEO scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution of high resolution, and to synthetic instruments, it allows us to design products that are not just the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues as well.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator -- we went back to nature to inspire us, and when we design this irregular surface, it becomes substantial.
We printed this surface of 44 different property, which vary in region, operating and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, would vary its functionality not through the addiction of another material or another assembly but by dying continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is it ideal nature.
Are there no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came up to me and came to define a lot of what I was care.
As she goes, "In the third day of the creation, God sent to Earth to grow a fragile tree cross-feed tree.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between transport, branches and leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, land made trees growing trees with branches and corts and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask, "What would the design be if the objects made a single piece of perspective?
Would we go back to a better state of creation.
So we look for the biblical material -- the kind of material tree material with fruit, and we find it.
The second most abundant biologist on the planet is called the dialogue, and about 100 million tons are produced every year for organisms like shrimp, clones, schools and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies, and shortages.
We thought that if we could tune their property, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal bar.  We asked a lot of coastal coasts, we put them out and we made a bit of battlefield.
Looking at chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque to light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures at large scale, it was built a system with multiple noises of controlled extraction robotically.
The robot could vary the material properties of the march and create these structures made from one material one material three feet long, 100 percent recycling.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form of contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing plastic design?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photosynthetic microbials that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and the MIT, we increased the bacteria designed genetically to capture the atmosphere of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a view of back, and if even more, the windows.
A frustrated fruit tree tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of scares of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part, for objects designed to biochemical, put in the sea, feeding marine life and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the international travel.
To do that, we need to master the bacteria and control their flow.
Just as the periodic table, we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created computing and advanced in a biological way.
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid angle, only instead of using precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functions within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microbials combine together.
The first is the city.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater water.
And the second one, E. color, the bacteria that I inhabit in the human intestine.
It turns the light into sugar, the other consumed sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms, they don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not for natural selection, but evolution for design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help that they flow these bacteria and they alter their way forward.
And so we started growing those channels in the human body, making material properties in the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photographers, we designed more transparent channels.
This political system -- when it stretches from one end to another, it goes 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin gut interest.
And here it is, as a TED prison, our first political photographer, little liquid little liquid little liquid lifespans inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shake said, "We are fashion creatures, only half is done."
What if the design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It's also known that nature does not do that.
It grows up. It adds with sophistication.
This worm of guy, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside that is metaphorically.
Now non-state manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination not of two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations of two proteins.
An act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scales.
The first silk worm is shown in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to hurt a copy of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to better understand how this complex process, we give a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the chair.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex complexity of the silk worm.
However, when we put the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that he would inflate a flat capital and still measure it safe.
So we started designing different environments, different animals, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the capital structure, is transmitted directly through the environment.
The silk worms are often hit to death within their cops, their silk shows up and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape raw silk without boiling a single capita.
It would be sentimentally metabolic and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a swollen robot making silk plants, and we put it on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated to more dark and cold areas -- so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
And so we create holes or abstracts, to block the rays of light and heat and distributed silk worms on the structure.
We were ready to get the orders.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a silk farm online.
And after feeding four weeks, they were prepared to hurt with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and as they were displaying, they were showed up, they put eggs, and the life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and it was right.
When you have a biological silk on the frozen silk robotics, you give all this pavilion your integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 65 worms of silk take up 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the Silk route.
The poles, after the election, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra programs in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A ship silence through a robotic arm, the other full empty.
If the last frontier of design is to bring products to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two material, designers must bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
So here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from a design inspired by nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands of us, for the first time, that we can take care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked you "What you want to be of more?"
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked them this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question, "What do you want to be of more?"
It has caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer to the question, "What do you want to be of more?"
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest in it, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the materials and the art and developed websites, and also, he played the guitar in a punk band called Telescope Frugs.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I usually like to try and persuade anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of blowing, this feeling of this is no longer a challenge, it gets to get back.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in the other thing, something completely different, and I get up on it, and I let myself absorb and feel like, "Yes." I found the message," and then again this point where I start to be bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all of my other passions and rescue me to be bored.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there would be something wrong with this, and something wrong with me for not defining anything.
I was worried about having fear of compromise, or being displaced, or all my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have planted then.
Ask yourself, where you learned how to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
Let me tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We ask you first "What you want to be of more?"
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you say at that age.
You consider an naive question to deliver cute answers in children like, "Be astronaut or "a dancer, or "I want to be a piece."
Imagine the display of Hallow here.
This question is being done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, five and a half school students are asked to be asked to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be of more?"
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what it takes us to sleep.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, not inspired to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things -- even though well-intentioned adults are probably laughing and say, "Oh, what nice, but you can't be an architect of rape and psychologist and psychologist.
You've got to choice."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles -- and he is artists of rape and physicist.
And this Amy No, an editor of magazine converted into illustration, business, teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choice.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real vaccine, the idea that each one of us has something to do in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What happens if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiplication.
A crowd is someone with a lot of interests and creative activities.
It's a bond to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that concentrate the same idea, as a collaboration, translation.
During the time of the Renaissance period, the ideal was who was very well compared to multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shadis refers to us as "Scanns."
Use any term that you like or invent your own.
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multiplicity as a limitation or a collection that you must be coming up.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strength in this way.
Here's three multicultural superpowers here.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection.
This is Shake Billy and Rachel Bill expressed their shared shared interests in cartoon, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, when I started Max.
Max is a company that creates giant images geographically inspired.
Sheep and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its economics mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersections.
There are the new ideas.
And the multinationals, with all of their ancestors, can access a great amount of these data points.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to be principles, for having been a lot of time in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we see, so we rarely start from zero.
North Dune is a complete time trip and independent desk.
As a young girl who was an amazing capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanical mechanical.
Before I became a writer, it was a financial planner before.
He had to learn the most fine sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps to write compelling launches for editors.
It rarely is a loss of time to dedicate what you attract it, even if at the end of the way.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third multicultural superpower is adaptation. That is, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abed Carbon is sometimes director of videos, other online pages designer at times of Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take diverse roles and depending on the needs of his clients.
The Fast Company magazine defines adaptation as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and predictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can be published to satisfy market needs, which really will thrive.
Sensor of ideas, fast learning and adaptation: three skills where the crowds are very relative, and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the crowds to be themselves.
We have complex problems, mobilized right now, and we need nonviolent creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialist.
They came out of the wind knowing because they wanted to be psychiatric neuroscience.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you.
In fact, some of the best teams are made of a specialists and a multi-discipline crowd.
The specialists can dive in deep and put in the specific ideas, and the crowd offers an extraordinary of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are working with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the crowds in large part are encouraged to be more like their specialized partners.
And once I said this, if there's one thing you take about this talk, I hope that it is this: recognize with the wire internal -- whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you have all the media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the multi-minded mobile room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  -- I tell you, recognize with your many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those cover drawings.
They explore the intersections of the intersection.
embracing our wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multinational, the world needs you."
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman named August took it to a psychiatric in Frunger.
I was delicious and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alexands.
Alexands didn't know how to help August, but he was flying for her until that, unfortunately, he died in 2006.
After her death, Alex did a authority and found strange plates and airplanes in the Buddha brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If August had been living today, we couldn't give it more aid than Alex gave him 114 years ago.
Alexander was Dr. Alaska Alzheimer's.
And August Detroit, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimers disease.
Since 2001, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection -- many treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, stations for cardiologists and much more.
But it has been produced in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 85 or more, the chance of control will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their years dropped with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or loved with Alzheimer's.
Just in the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and their costs provide a five times in the year 2050, as we aging the generation of the baby boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't be prevented or cure or even really really really really really really really really get their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the cancer research than at Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more the Alzheimer's and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should say, "The Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, all of the scientists, even scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be senior in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with a patient of Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to describing a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces the life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strands in the Guide brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like a origami.
There are places in the role that are peak.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules come up with each other, forming groups that can form big plates and airplanes.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University, trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There's a lot of steps and the identification of what step block is complex, like developing a bomb.
It could do anything.
Court everybody can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genes, chemicals, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
No one outside of our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when they tried these drugs.
These are the healthy worms -- and you can see that they move normally.
These worms -- on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are sticking between each other within them, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drug drugs at an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive one, but the research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to sell the Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to think that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try it, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, the patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators and legislations.
That was essential to advance HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to prevent cancer.
But the Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, hidden victims of their loved ones day and night, are often too worn to go out and advocate for change.
So, really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help speak for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times, in January this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and of my own experience when I tried to try it myself.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are touched to do 36 more and more personal questions, and then they look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cried to another person?
And just alone?
As you move forward, these are getting more and more personal.
Number 30, this really likes it -- Tell your partner what hit you or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've got to know.
When I stumbled up with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me attention, the joke that two of the participants had been married six months later, and invited everything from the lab to the ceremony.
So, I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to get to love me.
However, we fell in love with it, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column I love modern love a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already automated, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, do you continue to get there?
And the reason I think that is question is because I've already done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the paper was published, he was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been studied to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundreds of views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views.
And that makes a good care of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he did, I had no idea.
The article was online a Friday at night, and already Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday. I had been called the Toy Show and the God Mountain America.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with synchrony on love experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of an has been international news --  -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they always asked the same question: still go together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email of my email with the phrase, "Are you still together?
And several messages came immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
They interviewed me in radio and they asked it.
I even gave a talk, and a woman scream to the stage, "Hey, Mandela where your bone is?
And I was immediately red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the service of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have changed their own life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valver, who included the experiences of the readers when they test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both made a public emergence together.
He raised television interviews, and reduces the pictures of the pictures of us.
I think I was afraid to become the internal icons of the increase process, a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really works, or whether it was able to produce enduring love, not just an adventure -- not just an adventure but real love, lost love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months ago, and I felt, especially people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we would go together or not, and then do you get it?
If the answer was no, I would make the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for an interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aron called support personal antidepressance, progressive and recognition.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer to doing it, and several studies were also used by the protocol Army rapid program as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between police members and the community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideas.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little university of liberal arts college, and then a student came up to me and he said to me, "I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed to be puzzled by it.
And I said, "You mean that you fall in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But do you get better friends.
Did you feel that you could better know after testing your studio.
The shortcut.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was taking a really difficult separation.
I'd had that relationship since I had 20, which was practically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I was involved in science.
I understood everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that to be able to somehow get the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I was just researching for the book I wrote but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and just as I felt then.
And this whole knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more connected.
I have more trust to demand what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than I reasonably can demand me.
What I find of love is a garden, not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person I love.
It can be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut.
There may be a way to mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel wonderful, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask, still follow together?
And your content with a Yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, "How do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated: how do you know when to cut and distribute?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably raises a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your mate?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody.
So, if you want the short version of the story of my relationship, it is this one, a year ago, a well-known study and I apply a study to create romantic love, we love it, we still keep together together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same as to remain love.
Now love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, love didn't happen.
We remain love because we take the choice to be.
And I get a little bit when I read it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I had not considered everything that election.
I won't consider how many times we would have that decision, and how long it will have to continue to make that choice without knowing before he will always pick me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and yellow and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe in.
And what I look for, and what I may spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the end of it to implicit the title of my article -- which is, in the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's scary -- but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few legacies in the mountains and in a way I came like a forest genome.
New York City a time ago.  Something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill of a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spirits.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given time, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make surfing and all these weird things -- and I was making a school for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw up all the pages and I made a kind of cardiovascular clicks to the Agnes Martin, and I covered them out of resin, and a bee was carrying off.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I add more resilient in the canvas, thinking that I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to increase size, like you would look at the text with a magnifying one.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frog, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow tricks, draw the same way that you do around a driver on the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own computer of specifically invented.
First of all, bathrooms, you can make an idea.
Then I made some insects and creative creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the waste layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, to go to Scientle.
It was great, man.
At some point I am interested in human form -- school size sculptures with the drawings of human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I was dead.
I didn't know what to do, because the resistance was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing on a window and then on another window and another window and had all these windows that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resident.
So I did this for years, and my work cultured with something very big, that I call "sort of a trial."
For the trial, I was inspired by the "spectrum: "In Lincoln Bosnam who is a painting in the Museum of Provera in Spain.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Okay, the therapy." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double faces, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there is Jesus and the languages.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analog mesh industry where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animal heads are heading to the face, ready to commit mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a birds tied to a coast.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horizon -- the permanent platform of the spider -- Walfarn, the Osama Bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
In all ways also a kind of woman.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes up with clouds.
Their hands are like balls and it seems to be a mythological to keep the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the three-dimensional.
It's a little bit a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then, when you go to the other side, it has a trip, like a bird piece, and I spit clouds out of this trap.
It also has a $500 subway tail, a spine of snake that unites the three-dimensional.
Anyway, his tail has been able to get on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
Their tail ends up in a click hidden clip made from terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were basketball cards.
Very advanced to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, one is called psychologists."
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are encyclopedia.
But each acts as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the same time.
They're like cells, they get together, they split.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope player that weighs 130 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- there's the chest, you can get the entrance in.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or no point, or whatever it is, a kind of a freezing thing.
It's a quick record of these works because I can't explain to you for a long time.
We have layers -- you can see.
This is a broken body by half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills coming out and go into the head of this strange station.
There's a little forest scene inside of the top cavity there.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Penny World.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscience, a piece -- a particle, a musician, a writer, a radio lady, a school, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We monitor the box and all the people in the face of each other like particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of the countries, of borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made from the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchange those things with square and genetically we are all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you get your head?
Take a supply.
But for this pill to have an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the guts and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and indicator system so that any radical drug effect in the body.
The disadvantage though, though, is that when you translate any medicine is delicate.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these are actually to decrease the amount of virus in the blood, and increase the CEO of cells.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time that they take to get to the blood stream, they display, and worse even for the time that they take to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the hip of HIV.
These are the bodies of the body like lymph lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intellectual and it doesn't easily enter the blood store of patients who are supported to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the treatment of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of the treatment of HIV with today's current drugs that are a life treatment for the wrong way.
One day, I sat down and thought, "Could we make treatment directly to the depression of the virus, without the risk of disposal of drugs?
As a scientific expert in laser, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use them in dentistry, for the care of wounds and surgery surgery, you can use for anything imaginable -- including the intuitive transport of drugs.
In fact, we're now using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best thing is, "How is that possible?
We send a small little red beam on the cellular membrane of the HIV in which these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser carries the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscopes.
Before you even realize it, the hole is replicated immediately.
We are currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a three-year device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an increase in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug directly in the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem like a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied the non-line armed groups, armed organizations like terrorists, insurgency or military.
Doctor what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to understand better to these generators of violence and to study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent conflict.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to almost everything in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a device between states.
Not anymore.
It's now a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 113 peace agreement between 1975, and 2011, 1967 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we should understand these groups, we should even engage them or defeat them in any successful conflict process.
But how do we do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the policies are not a little bit relations.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanon Laurshale, known for his violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Mexico has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hammets, known for their suicide attacks against Israel, also manage the Gaza of Gaza since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multiplying.
They set up a complex machine of communication, radio stations, television channels websites of Internet and strategies in social networks.
And here you have ISIS magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
armed groups also invest in a complex recovery of funds without seals, but by restaurant business, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals -- they put on a professional training programs or microscope programs.
Shoeler offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state is not granted: security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan described by war or even the beginning of the Island ascent can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an inherently elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a cow, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 of the Palestinian Hamas cannot understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hair.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and the more sophisticated these organizations, the less we can categorize them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Henry?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions -- they collect the trash -- they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a revolutionary group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISU?
The lines are depressed.
We live in a world of state nations and hardware nations and holes, and the more weak states are, like in the Middle East, more intervene and fill that gap.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in non-linear tools.
To fill that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consume peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better than the incentive to make the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but not giving us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that security vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a female.
My opinions on gender equality are very very very fast, but I fear that accepting the statement label would be unfair for females.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I get totally a little feminist as a family.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Feminist," and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Mallow Mall.
So what started as a personal joke destroyed myself and a deliberate production, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20, I had weird ideas about feminist females, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex -- as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I was going to be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was a record, a word taboo and unfortunate.
And I was taken as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who are too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I grew up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud of being proud.
For me, certain claims are irrelevant: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same way for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want to, and advanced or violence.
We have right to use easily and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or electronic doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexuality condition, social condition and much more.
We have to realize these differences and how they affect us, the same way that we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad female.
I have another conference.
When I drive the work, I hear rap music shot to all volume.
Even though the letter degraded to women and deeply offended me, the classic "Star Shakespeare of the Disney Long Toking is incredible.
Make it true with your wet t-shirt.
Port, day, move until you put your cold."
Think about it.
Purpose poetry, right?
I'm completely motivated by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the care of the support and the maintenance of machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Batanice: I can see romantic comedy. And I have an absolute fantasies of the stories that make it true.
Some of my details are more described.
If a woman wants to adopt the speed of his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who I want to judge for.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children, accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
Let's solve this problem.
It recovers the conventional feminism that has ignored or displaced historically the needs of color women -- workers and humans and transcriptions, in favor of white women, heterosexual women, middle and high.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad female.
The next thing happens -- as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put fees stuck on a penalty.
We hope that they go back to perfect.
When they decide, we put them with a lot of taste from the same oil where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster. I think of that period before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovative innovations and sector leaders are afraid of being labeled as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a female, because of the fear of what that tag means for fear to not be able to accomplish with the little reality expensive.
Let's take Beijing, or I call it the God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist in the last few years.
In the Video Museum Arabics of 2014, at MIT, I act in front of the three-year-old female work.
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop star openly openly and make women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
I spent the time, the cultural critics started destination if Bengaline was or not exactly feminist.
They California their feminism instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We remember perfection of feminists, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so deeply to a lot.
We go far beyond critical and constructive criticism to design any woman's feminism to do it until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of part.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our ideas to figure out, to go to action and a little bit more valuable.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we extend the change affecting their gains effectively affecting their gain.
It's certainly hard.
Why does their music be so perfect?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think about my negatives, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant, and also very valuable. I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice is raped as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as a sport -- you see the Tony game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the movie anywhere else when movies don't treat women more than the decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as bottles of boss.
In any case, men, especially white men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine -- participate in your project, or work with you, until you don't include an enough number of women, so much to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are substantially supported, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision poets.
Since we are not men -- without these efforts, without adopting these positions -- our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in direct power and music producers and music, CEOs, the legislators that can make great decisions -- more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also address our feminism -- well, bad, or any of them.
The last line of my book "Mallow Feminist," says, "I'd be a bad feminist not to be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, above all, because I have been stolen and feminism helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids dropped me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me like anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
My voice, and after everything I didn't dare to believe I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And I came back to write me.
I get up in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what meant living in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and feminism and I also discovered that if I was a bit brave -- another woman could get me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit valuable, when you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 133 children in California, they had measles for having visited Disney or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infecting over 100 children in Sandon.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak.
But a moment, was it not the article that took the policy on autism and the vaccines, described and marked by being a frustrating from the British Medical Journal Job?
Does it do not believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a structure?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism increase in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about it creates to develop their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates were just three or four children per 10,000 children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the '90s, the numbers started shooting up.
The fundraising organizations like Autonia Spanish refer to autism as an epidemic as an epidemic as if I could contact another child in Disney.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Disease Control Center of Atlanta, what is going on, tend to be based on phrases as an experimental diagnostic crisis, and a better case detection to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language is not a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two years, the visual contact car.
If diagnostic criteria had to spend, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow and catalog progress than the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false. And the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanger, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital in 1944, Kansan published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to ban private worlds -- negotiating people around them, even their own parents.
They could get fun for hours waving their hands in front of their faces, but they were prey from the panic for droughts like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic -- Kansan speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declare that I had seen less than 150 real cases of their syndrome, as I collect reference from places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not finished, because the Kansas criteria for diagnosis diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I was described to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
Once he was paid that he had become nine in every 10 children sent to her consumer for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanny was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not strong.
It classify autism as a form of child psychology caused by cold and desert parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that they raised in certain areas like music, math and memory.
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 minutes before they turned two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Belly."
But Kanny had a bad opinion of these skills, by affirming things like children were just removing what they had heard their parents, personally desperate to win their partnership.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kanzi that autism was weird.
Larry Windows, Congressionate cognitive psychologist thought that the theory of the neighboring mothers in Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and her husband John were warm and strengity, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Susan.
London and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend to the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague, Judith Gold decided to do something that should be 30 years before.
They did a study of automation prevalence in the general population.
They fought a suburb of London called Cambridge to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What you saw was that the Kanger model was too limited because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't speak at all, whereas others were disappointed in their fascination for astronomy, in dinosaurs or the genius of the reality.
Otherwise, these children didn't fit up in beautiful frames and stable, as Judy said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the Management model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have ever touched these children before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the Kansas article -- and then I was buried under the ashes of terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but he avoided curious to mention it in his own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, the Lord husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Apple, who runs a clinic integrated with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's for teaching differences were present even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes with music, and children followed their games at the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Apple described it as a policy disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces in the course of the entire life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger's called them their little teachers, and he dedicated to help the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Apple saw autism as a diverse continuum that was carrying a surprising variety of dozens and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always been, looking at the aspects of this continued in architects known in pop culture as the terrible social scientist and the designer distributed.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
London and Judith discovered that Kanny was wrong when autism was intensive, so the parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the circuit criteria that would reflect the diversity of what they called automatically "spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into violence, destroying the limited model of Kanzi by a wide and even Apple in Apple.
These changes don't fall in broken steal.
In particular, when London and Judith worked between the basements to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "Ran Man came in 1988, just a little circle, shot out of experts knew what autism was, but after the endless performance of Disproportion Houston as Ramaday Babble and Ray Man: With four awards of the Academy of physicists, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first clinical clinical test to be used to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection to that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
Ran Mander: The changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnosis began to embrace, just like London and Judie, in fact hoped that it was going to be -- making people with autism and their families finally got the support and services that were deserve.
So Andrew Walker came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnosis. A simple, powerful, and seductive history as bad as the Kansan theory of autism was informal.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum -- it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve for the new medical advances -- the term neurons to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, strangely social, and it suffers from an attention to the details.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apple, which creates that the cure for the most exciting aspects of autism are in understanding teachers -- employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zasburg Zacks once said, "We need all the hands in covered to train the boat of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to wake up or a brain.
Thank you.
